{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40104
|image         = Event Quest The Arc of Intellect.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|act           = Gatherings and Partings
|actNum        = III
|part          = 2
|characters    = Aissa; Alae; Alhaitham; Bahir; Candace; Collei; Cyno; Dehya; Faruzan; Fawara; Kareena; Kaveh; Layla; Marwa; Nahida; Nilou; Paimon; Qamar; Sidra; Tighnari; Traveler; Wanderer
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = To Claim the Crown
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the Event Quest, ''[[When the Curtains Close]]''
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Arc of Intellect''''' is the second part of [[A Parade of Providence]]: Act III - ''[[Gatherings and Partings]]'' during the Event.

==Steps==
# Return to the main venue
# Find Cyno
# Chat with the Darshan representatives (0/3)
# Leave {{sic|Tavern|hide=1}}
# Go to Aaru Village and look for clues
# Talk to Alhaitham

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|With the breaking of the diadem, all has come to an end. Head to the main venue and join Kaveh's award ceremony.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon receiving quest)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like the ceremony will be held at the main venue. Let's head over and check it out!

;(Approach the main venue)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 01.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' ...Thank you all for your excellent performance. And that brings this year's Interdarshan Championship to a close!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 02.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' Finally, it gives me great pleasure to invite our champion, Kaveh, to the stage to receive his award.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 03.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' Typically, at this point, we would crown our champion with the diadem as well as presenting them with their award.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 04.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' However, we have just received word that Kaveh has inherited Sachin's estate, and made the decision to donate it all to charitable causes.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 marwa 01.ogg}} '''Marwa:''' Sachin's estate... is getting donated?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 alae 01.ogg}} '''Alae:''' So much Mora... and he gave it all up?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 05.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' Kaveh's generosity will give many struggling families the chance to change their lives for the better.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 06.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' Of course, without the diadem and prize money to present, this makes the award ceremony a little more concise than expected. Would you like to say a few words, Kaveh? I'm sure many of our audience, like myself, are curious to learn why you decided to give all this wealth away.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'm... not entirely sure what I should say under these circumstances. I'm glad to have won, even though I'd say luck played a big part in that.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' As for why I want to give the Mora away... I don't support Sachin's views, and I don't want to take his Mora. With a lot of things in life, people need to experience them for themselves. It shouldn't be up to one person to make a judgment on &mdash; not him, and not me either.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Anyway, this isn't really the time and place for such weighty and complicated topics. So umm... I guess that's all. I'll leave it there, thanks very much.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 07.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' Oh, Kaveh... just one moment.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 08.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' While this is a short-and-sweet award ceremony, we do still have a prize to present you with. Please take this limited-edition Genius Invokation TCG card.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 09.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' Additionally, your champion status will be logged in your record. This means that the sages will give priority consideration to any future project proposals you submit.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, I'll take the card. But as for project proposals... Eh, forget it.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kareena 10.ogg}} '''Kareena:''' In that case, I declare the award ceremony over. Let's give our champion, Kaveh one last big round of applause!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 aissa 01.ogg}} '''Aissa:''' I still don't really get it. That sum of Mora would've been enough for me to live in luxury for my entire life.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 bessi 01.ogg}} '''Bahir:''' That just means you're not strange enough to understand the way that geniuses think. Come on, we've still got the whole Wisdom Gala to explore!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' *sigh* Glad that's over. I think I'm quite good at giving speeches, but this one was just so tiring...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you mean that you're still exhausted from the competition? Honestly, you don't look happy at all... But whatever else happened, you're the champion, you know? Don't you think you should be proud of that?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I suppose... *sigh* Oh, wait. Cyno said that he wanted the card, didn't he? And now I have it, right here!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're gonna give it to him? But, if it's a rare one, you should be able to make a tidy sum of Mora off it!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Why would I do that? It's of no use to me whatsoever &mdash; I may as well just give it to him. Could you pass it on to him for me when you next see him?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, whoa, this is a super big deal. You should do it yourself! Come on, let's go find Cyno!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 1 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh? But I was gonna rest for a while longer&mdash; hey, hey, stop pulling my hair!

;(Interact with "Competition Scores" scoreboard at the main venue, optional)
::Kshahrewar – Kaveh: 6
::Spantamad – Cyno: 4
::Rtawahist – Layla: 4
::Amurta – Tighnari: 3
::Haravatat – Faruzan: 2
::Vahumana – Hat Guy: 0
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Losing the diadem and the Mora while also rejecting all special privileges, the only reward Kaveh really got is a limited edition Genius Invokation TCG card. Maybe Cyno would be interested in this...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Cyno)<!-- No ASTK -->
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whatcha looking at, Cyno?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'm still thinking about the Sachin issue. What brings you here?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, they gave me this limited-edition Genius Invokation card, and I figured you'd have more use for it than I.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...But it's a limited edition. Are you sure you want to give it to me?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What else would I do with it? I have no use for it.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' But... it's limited-edition... Kaveh, are you in trouble? You don't have to do all this. Just tell me what's wrong, and I will help.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' That's not what I meant at all! Yes, I have all sorts of problems, but that has absolutely nothing to do with this card. I'll figure my own issues out by myself.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Alright. In that case, I accept your generosity.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' But now that I realize that you have no concept of its value, I cannot simply take it from you.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...How about this? I shall buy it from you at a fair price &mdash; namely, the price that the previous limited-edition card sold for.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh, come on. It's just one card, how much could it really be worth?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' 1 million Mora at the very least.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...H&mdash;How much!?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A million Mora!?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' If you feel that's too low, I can go a little higher.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' 1 million Mora for a card!? But you already have a whole bunch of these... uh, shiny ones, don't you? I saw your deck last time we played...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Not every card is this valuable, and some cards are exquisitely designed, but not rare.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh. Well, I guess they must pay you plenty to be General Mahamatra if you're splashing out on things like this...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But really, it's fine. I'd feel bad taking Mora from a friend.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Don't feel bad. I save a lot. I can spare the Mora for this card.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Uh, you don't spend all your savings on your hobbies, do you? You should watch that, you know... You definitely don't want to end up borrowing money in a moment of impulsivity... Living with debt is miserable.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Sounds like you're speaking from personal experience. I guess you've been through a lot?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' *sigh*&nbsp;...I don't want to talk about it.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' In that case, maybe you're the one who should be listening to your advice.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' In any case, I, Cyno, will take this precious card, and it shall join the deck of destiny! Kaveh, come with me in a few moments to collect the Mora. Thanks to you, I have achieved my goal for participating in this tournament.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, if you insist, far be it from me to refuse your courtesy any further. Well... At least I'll be able to keep on top of my bills this month. Maybe I'll even have some left over? In fact, lemme treat you all to a meal later. Bring Tighnari and Collei, too.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, this is what they call "all's well that ends well"!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders how the other contestants are doing! Let's go check in with them, shall we? Since we're Guest Commentators and all!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The championship has come to an end. Go see how each representative is doing.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Candace, Dehya, Faruzan, and Nilou in the Grand Bazaar)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'm telling you, you can't go wrong taking advice from me on what to wear. Back in the day, my fashion style was considered cutting edge by everyone in the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Really? Well then, uh, sure... M&mdash;Madam Faruzan. Maybe you could pick out a few fashionable outfits for us.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Faruzan, Nilou... even Dehya and Candace are here! What are you all up to?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Candace and I bumped into these two while we were strolling through the streets.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Madam Faruzan here's pretty friendly &mdash; when she heard that we were buying clothes, she decided to give us some help.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm... I don't really see anything I'm familiar with. Never mind, we can purchase some textiles and make the clothes ourselves.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Let's go with a plain fabric as our base, and embroider red and pink flowers on. Oh, and some green leaves...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Wait a sec... You sure that's the latest style? That sounds a lot like what the older folks back home would wear...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Don't worry, this style is a timeless classic...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Uhhh, no thanks. This is actually sounding pretty weird.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' Wait, wait, wait... Madam Faruzan's right, that style is a classic, and used to be mainstream fashion. But these days, there are some other options, too.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' If you don't mind, how about I pick some clothes out for everyone? It's not often that we get to meet up, especially since Candace rarely makes it to Sumeru City. Also, I know a few places where I can get a great bargain!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Sure, I'm happy to leave it to you.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'll come with you to have a look. One always has to keep on top of what the youth of today are into...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 marwa 01.ogg}} '''Marwa:''' Madam Faruzan?&nbsp;...Come quick, she's over here!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm? Who are you...?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 fawra 01.ogg}} '''Fawara:''' We're new in the Akademiya. We saw all the amazing things you did during the competition... Do you have any classes we could sign up for?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ahem! Of course I do &mdash; and you're both very welcome to join.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 marwa 02.ogg}} '''Marwa:''' That's great! We can't wait... Um, what's your area of research? Precision mechanics?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...I'm from Haravatat.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 marwa 03.ogg}} '''Marwa:''' Huh? But you seem like an expert in machines... Wait, sorry, I remember now. You were representing the Haravatat Darshan in the Championship...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 marwa 04.ogg}} '''Marwa:''' Their classes are so boring, though! I'm sorry, Ma'am... let me know if you run any other classes in the future, I'll be there!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmph! I knew it... What about you? Aren't you going to leave with your friend?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 fawra 02.ogg}} '''Fawara:''' I think you're amazing, Madam Faruzan, and I'd like to learn from you for a while if possible.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 fawra 03.ogg}} '''Fawara:''' I can take the class you're teaching as an option, even though cross-Darshan lessons might be a little tough to arrange... But I look forward to learning from you!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I see... you're a good egg, child! Don't worry, study under me, and I promise you you will get the best teaching available!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 fawra 04.ogg}} '''Fawara:''' Thank you so much, Ma'am. Well, I won't disturb you any further. See you in class!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I don't quite understand what happened there, but... congratulations, I think?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, would you two like to come and pick out some clothes?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry, we can't. We've got a meal with Kaveh later, and we have to check in with all the other contestants before then!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! By the way, have any of you seen Hat Guy or Layla?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 nilou 03.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' I don't know where Hat Guy went... We just saw Layla not too long ago, though.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 nilou 04.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' But she was hanging out with some other Rtawahist students, so we didn't get a chance with speak with her. Are you gonna go and see where she's up to?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rtawahist students... They must be the ones who voted for her to enter the competition, right?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She didn't end up winning, so Paimon wonders how they feel about that. Let's go take a peek.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Candace, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' (These clothes all seem a bit too flimsy. Is there anything sturdier?)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Dehya, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' (I think I might need some more practice if I wanted to embroider my own complex designs... Although, I'm no beginner with a needle and thread. More like... upper end of intermediate?)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Faruzan, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' (The classics are the best, period.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Nilou, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' (Dehya and Candace are both pretty tall. That means they have a lot of options when it comes to clothes...)

;(Talk to Candace, Dehya, Faruzan, and Nilou again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 nilou 01.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' If you don't come to Sumeru City often, classic floral designs aren't a bad choice. Those don't really go out of style.
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 nilou 02.ogg}} '''Nilou:''' And of course, since you're putting this on your body, you need to consider the type of fabric the clothes are made from. Some materials might look stunning, but they can be terribly uncomfortable to wear...
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Agreed. After all, is fashion not the constant phasing in and out of classics? In that sense, you could always consider the style I suggested, too...
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Wait. Sorry, Ma'am, but I think it could be quite a while before the style you recommended comes back into fashion...
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I actually think the style recommended by Madam Faruzan is quite beautiful.
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Isn't it just? You have a discerning eye, my dear!
----
;(Approach Layla in the Akademiya)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm sorry, everyone. I could have done better in the third round...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 sidra 01.ogg}} '''Sidra:''' Oh, stop it.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 sidra 02.ogg}} '''Sidra:''' If you're going to beat yourself up after doing as well as you did, how bad does that make us look, huh? Heck, it's not like any of us had the guts to enter the Championship.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 qamar 01.ogg}} '''Qamar:''' I didn't see the whole thing, but you were the only contestant who scored points in both the first two rounds, right?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 qamar 02.ogg}} '''Qamar:''' And I heard that you actually found the diadem first in round three. You came so close to winning the competition!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I just got lucky, I think...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 sidra 03.ogg}} '''Sidra:''' That can't be true &mdash; you had some really stiff competition out there! The renowned Tighnari from Amurta, even Cyno the General Mahamatra was there... You're amazing, all of you!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 sidra 04.ogg}} '''Sidra:''' Getting points off them is a huge achievement! The way I see it, people aren't exaggerating one bit with the nicknames they give you. You are a genuine genius!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Thanks a lot. But I really don't think I qualify as a genius... In the second round, for instance, I dozed off and somehow found myself beside the device when I came to.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 sidra 05.ogg}} '''Sidra:''' Ah, come on, don't be so hard on yourself. We've decided &mdash; we're taking you out to celebrate, and that's final!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 sidra 06.ogg}} '''Sidra:''' Let's go! Cheer up, Layla, the rest of today's all about you!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like things are going well for Layla. This is great!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We haven't seen Hat Guy since the end of the competition... Oh well, it's almost meal time. We'd better go meet up with Kaveh and Cyno now.

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Layla, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (What a relief.)

;(Talk to Layla again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I can't believe it, but in the end, no one was disappointed in me. What a relief.
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Finally, I can get some good sleep...
----
;(Approach Collei, Cyno, Kaveh, and Tighnari)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Are you sure you have enough to cover this? Don't blow it all at once.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Don't worry. I budgeted very carefully, and this is well within my means. Anyway, I've lost count of how many times you've treated me. It's high time I returned the favor.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, over here!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, look at all this! Good food, here we come!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I heard that you went to see the other contestants. How's everyone doing?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Faruzan found herself a student, and Layla's classmates are bowled over by how well she did. We couldn't find Hat Guy, though. Who knows where he's gone.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alhaitham's gone missing in action, too. Huh. The one time I'm actually in a good enough mood to treat him to a nice meal, he disappears without a trace.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...That guy... where the heck could he have gone? I still have questions about that note he left...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, whatever. He can do what he wants. Now, let's eat!
:{{Black Screen|You all share a delicious meal...}}
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You shocked me a little when you hurled the diadem to the ground. On further reflection, of course, it made sense, but at the time I was expecting at least some amount of deliberation.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Sachin's voice started talking to me inside my head from the moment I picked it up. I could feel his emotions, too... It was a mix of despair and horror swirling around inside my mind.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' He bombarded me with his ideas relentlessly, like he was trying to brainwash me... It gave me a splitting headache that only got worse as he went on.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Like I was saying at the time, his views are not necessarily completely without value, but if all his research does is lead to misfortune, then we're probably better off without it.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' If his forbidden research were to spread in a harmful form, and cause people to suffer, the matra would step in and ban it.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I think you did the right thing. I suppose another way to approach it would have been to claim that you agreed to inherit his research, but give up the research as soon as you've inherited the wealth. But that wouldn't have been your style.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I won't comment on his theories or experiments, but I don't believe that he was careless in his choice of candidate... He chose you. That means he knew what he was doing.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Perhaps. I just think that if you accept someone else's things, you should honor their wishes.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' That's a good thing... It means that you have integrity.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Thank you, oh my god, thank you... See, you get me, Collei!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's a good thing Alhaitham isn't here right now... He'd be quick to explain why you're wrong.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Seems like you always include him in the conversation, even when he isn't here...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yep. No dinner with Kaveh is complete without a few words about Alhaitham.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I sense that Alhaitham has in fact been here with us all along...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' He's here? Where!? Why didn't you tell me?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...He lives rent-free in each of our hearts.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' ...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' That was horrifying. It literally sent chills down my spine...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good thing he didn't say that before we started eating. That would've killed the mood in a heartbeat...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, enough about Alhaitham. Tighnari, did you achieve what you wanted out of the Championship?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I did &mdash; in the first round, in fact. Word of mouth proved very effective. I spoke to a handful of people, they told their friends, and so on. Now, a record number of people have signed up to attend the next lecture.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh, are you free next month? You should come along. Maybe even say a few words.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' About what? I don't know the first thing about anything Amurta-related.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Just play to your strengths. For instance, you could talk about the distinguishing features of rainforest architecture. Or ask everyone not to chop down too many trees the next time they're building a house...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh, well that's no problem. Sure, I'll make time.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Has everyone had enough to eat? I can order more if anyone's still hungry.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'm full, thanks!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's super full too! If only we could eat like this every day, hehe!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yeah, we should do this more often. Work will always be there, but seeing friends is important, too. This is a good restaurant. Let's definitely come here again.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Sounds good. We should pick a few other places as backup options, though.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are other good places around here, too? Don't forget to invite us if you go! There's nothing we love more than good food!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Kaveh, do you have plans after this?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 5 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I was thinking of maybe going to the Akademiya for some alone time. Nothing set in stone, though &mdash; why do you ask?

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Collei, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' (It's been so nice not having to study these last few days... I hope I don't fall behind. Hmm... Wait... Uh-oh! I've completely forgotten where I was up to!)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Cyno, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' (With this limited-edition card in my deck, I have reached peak connection with my cards. This is my most worthwhile purchase in quite some time.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Kaveh, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' (This was some pretty successful ordering today &mdash; not a dish wasted. Oh, I almost forgot, I should order a couple of extra things to take back home...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tighnari, optional)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 12 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (I wonder when Kaveh will be able to pay off his debts? *sigh*... I wish him the best of luck.)

;(Talk to Collei, Cyno, Kaveh, and Tighnari, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Since everyone is free, why don't we play a few matches of Genius Invokation TCG?
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Eager to show off your new limited-edition card, are you?
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Not to show off. This is my way of thanking you for your help. Only my best friend will have the honor of seeing this card's debut play!
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, sure. I didn't bring my deck with me, though, so I'll need to borrow one.
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Actually, Master, I made a new one a few days back...
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...Don't tell me you've been spending all your study hours playing cards?
:{{A|vo dialog xyjeq005 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Come on, no need to be so stern. They do say that your innate interests are your best teacher, don't they?
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|The gathering at the tavern has ended. It seems that Kaveh's going to the Akademiya for some alone time...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Leave the tavern)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew! Well, it looks like this Interdarshan Championship's a wrap.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All that stuff with Sachin and the diadem got sorted, too... Have you still got anything else on your mind?
:{{DIcon}} Sachin's research...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... Yeah, Sachin said that he'd placed his research materials at somewhere beginning with "A," but Kaveh smashed the Diadem of Knowledge before he could finish.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It might be dangerous if someone finds his old research stash, right? "A"... "A"... Where do you think it could be?
:{{DIcon}} "Aaru Village"?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Holy smokes, you're right! He said he spent all that time researching in the desert, didn't he? So it's very possible that that's where he'd leave all his notes!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright then, let's head off to Aaru Village and try our luck!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You suddenly realize that the location name Sachin didn't finish saying could be Aaru Village. Maybe his research is hidden there. Go and find out.}}
{{Quest Description|update|After arriving at Aaru Village, you see Alhaitham, who is currently reviewing his materials...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Alhaitham in Aaru Village)
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Didn't expect to run into you here.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham!? What're you doing here?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And what are you reading? Are those&mdash;
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Sachin's notes. Yes.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I came across his profile while I was organizing some documents, and became interested in his research.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If it wasn't for that, I never would have agreed to being a commentator. I had a hunch after seeing the fragment of his mind, and sure enough, I came here and found his research.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' W&mdash;Wait, so you've read it already?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you alright? How do you feel?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I think you may have misunderstood something. The reason Sachin chose that architect to inherit his research was that only he could really empathize with both the calamity and the humanity that these notes seek to convey.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Only one who resonates with these sentiments would suffer, and begin to think of history as bleak, the present as perplexing, and the future as pessimistic.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Empathy is a double-edged sword. Clearly, I am not the same sort of person as Sachin was.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Empaths have many friends, and their wide social circle comes with certain societal advantages. But this also makes it hard for them to achieve their goals.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why's that?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' All important things in life involve other people. As such, it's extremely difficult to live a life that causes no harm whatsoever to others.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If you really want to achieve your goals, you have to be prepared to make enemies along the way. Not everyone can deal with that reality.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' And that reality is like the material here... objective, heavy, negative... But at the end of the day, for all these experiment results and conclusions, it's just one person's perspective &mdash; Sachin's.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what are your thoughts now that you've read it?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As a scholar, Sachin was, without a doubt, a genius.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' He laid the blame for the darkness in the world squarely on humanity, experimented extensively with reliable results, and drew logical conclusions... In that sense, one might say his views were "correct."
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... people are bad, and things can only ever get worse? All of that's true?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That is not a question for me to answer. Someone else will arrive shortly &mdash; you can ask them instead.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' All I will say is that the world is not built on "correctness" alone. Sometimes, being correct means nothing at all.
:{{DIcon}} Those words you wrote among your notes...
:{{DIcon}} What did that line written in ancient script mean?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' "Lofty ideals may provide no defense at all against nihilism, but perhaps little decisions can."
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' "By their own choice, the idealist seeks to bring happiness to all, while denying themselves the same. Thus they shall never reach even the borders of truth until they wipe away the ignorance that blinds them."
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I have never been able to agree with certain philosophies. Even Sachin himself struggled to comprehend the notion of sacrificing oneself for the greater good.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But sadly, all viewpoints will find their supporters, and the way we see the world largely decides our fates.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Alright, then. I got what I came for &mdash; these research materials are yours to look after. I'll be off.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait. So you came here just to read this stuff? You missed out on a big get-together, you know!
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' A get-together?&nbsp;...Ah. Yes, that makes sense. This is a good opportunity for that sort of thing.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess what? Kaveh treated everyone this time.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Then I'm sure he packed up the leftovers for me. See ya.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And there he goes... Well, it seems like he really wasn't affected by this research.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He said that someone else would answer our questions. Who do you think that'll be?
:{{Black Screen|You wait around near the research materials...}}
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, you're already here.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nahida... oh, and Hat Guy.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so you asked him to take part in the Championship?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Yes, it was me. Are you surprised?
:{{DIcon}} A little...
:{{DIcon}} Actually, not really...
:{{Introductory Note|Nahida}}
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you know that there was something wrong with the diadem from the start? And if so, why didn't you switch it out for another one?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Because Sachin's research is not mistaken. He spent his entire life researching this topic, and these materials are a result of that.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' These are the crystallization of his wisdom. Yes, I was worried that the material might cause some disruption, but I didn't want to wipe away all his hard work searching for the truth.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So instead, I had Hat Guy here help me keep an eye on things.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 wanderer 01.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Seriously? I think you can stop calling me that now.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Why? Don't you like it?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 wanderer 02.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...*sigh*
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Well, anyway &mdash; if Sachin's chosen successor hadn't been able to handle his research, or if it had brought pain to more people, he would have intervened at a suitable moment.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 wanderer 03.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' And after all that, the person Sachin chose, turned his nose up at his life's work. Pretty hilarious.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 08.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I was also hoping that this could be an opportunity for you to learn how to interact with people normally... But it looks like that didn't work out.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 wanderer 04.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' That wasn't necessary. I'm still paying you back for your help, and the last thing I need is more reasons to be indebted to you.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nahida, what did you mean by "Sachin's research is not mistaken"? Does that mean that you approve of his research?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 09.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hmmm. Put it this way instead. Truth, to me, is like a Shroomboar.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 10.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Some people only see the mushroom on the Shroomboar's back, and they conclude that a Shroomboar is a mushroom.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 11.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Others see only the Shroomboar's body, and they declare that a Shroomboar is a boar.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 12.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Still others look deeper inside, and determine that a Shroomboar is... meat.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 13.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' These conclusions are all correct in their own way, but none of them objectively describe the Shroomboar.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon kinda gets it... but also not really...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 14.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' The world is the same way. No one, not even I included, can understand it in its entirety. All of us are somewhere on the path toward truth.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 15.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Within the confines of our limited knowledge, some may blindly believe in the beauty of this world, and others may focus only on its evils.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 16.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In truth, the most important thing isn't what state the world is in now, but what people hope it will become. But of course, I don't mean that as a criticism or a call to action.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 17.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Ultimately, my duty as the God of Wisdom is to guide every form of wisdom to a place where it can find its purpose.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 wanderer 05.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' That was a long speech. So what are you actually going to do with these research materials?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 18.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Because Kaveh, as the successor of this research, does not wish to see these ideas disseminated, I will seal it up.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 19.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But even though Sachin's research could be considered "negative" wisdom, it is still a building block of the truth. If someone wishes to follow in his footsteps in the future, I will not stop them.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 20.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I also look forward to the day that a member of the Vahumana Darshan can not only comprehend his theories, but also find a way out from the despair as well.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 wanderer 06.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Hmph, Vahumana doesn't have that kind of talent... Wait, you're not intending to keep me in Vahumana long-term, are you?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 wanderer 07.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' Hah, I don't remember signing up to become a scholar. Don't you think I'm useful enough to you as a prisoner?
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh boy, here we go again...
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 21.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You think so? Well, to that, I would say that in Sumeru, even prisoners have the right to an education.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 22.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I hope that your studies in Vahumana will help you deal with your own fate, and learn how best to settle old debts from your past.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 nahida 23.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' I will review your final thesis myself. I am expecting great things from you, Mr. Hat Guy.
:{{A|vo xyjeq005 7 wanderer 08.ogg}} '''{{Wanderer}}:''' ...Tsk.
:;(Quest ends)

;<span id="Dori">(After completing the event World Quest ''[[The Contestant]]'')</span>
:;(Talk to Dori, optional)
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Well, how did it go? I assume that Lord Sangemah Bay's assistance helped you discover something, yes?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Sachin was not a good person, and there's definitely something wrong with that Diadem of Knowledge!
::{{DIcon}} Indeed.
::{{DIcon}} We also discovered that.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Then in that case, shouldn't you be doing something about it?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 04.ogg}} '''Dori:''' For instance, telling the Akademiya that they should give up the Diadem&mdash;
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We already told the Akademiya, but...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' But what?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kaveh smashed the diadem.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Whaaaaat!?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Calm down, Dori! Why are you getting so worked up?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 07.ogg}} '''Dori:''' ...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 08.ogg}} '''Dori:''' My diadem... My beautiful diadem...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 09.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ah, this was supposed to be the perfect plan! I feed you the information, you discover the issue with the diadem, and then I just wait until the Akademiya sells it off at a low price...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 10.ogg}} '''Dori:''' And now it was all for nothing! Grr, curse that Kaveh! The interest rate on the Mora he owes me is about to get much higher!
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhh, so that's why you told us about this. Yeah, Paimon did think you were being unusually generous...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 dori 11.ogg}} '''Dori:''' My diadem! Ugh, I'm furious! That's it, no extension on his payment this month, no matter what reason he gives!
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Dori again, optional)
::'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Maybe we should come back later...)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = The Arc of Intellect
|zhs       = 慧业始终
|zhs_rm    = Huìyè Shǐzhōng
|zht       = 慧業始終
|zht_rm    = Huìyè Shǐzhōng
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 終始一貫の慧業
|ja_rm     = Shuushi Ikkan no Egou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 혜업<->의 시작과 끝
|ko_tl     = 
|es        = Erudición constante y sonante
|es_tl     = Steady and Resounding Erudition
|fr        = L'arc de l'intellect
|fr_tl     = The Arc of Intellect
|ru        = Своды разума
|ru_tl     = The Arches of Intellect
|th        = บ่อเกิดและจุดจบบ่วงปัญญา
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Sản Nghiệp Trí Tuệ
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Der Kreislauf des Verstandes
|de_tl     = The Cycle of Intellect
|id        = Spektrum Kepintaran
|id_tl     = Intelligence Spectrum
|pt        = O Arco do Intelecto
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Bilgeliğin Hikayesi
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = L'arco dell'intelletto
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[es:Erudición constante y sonante]]
[[pt-br:O Arco do Intelecto]]
[[vi:Sản Nghiệp Trí Tuệ]]