{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03011
|image         = Archon Quest C3A2 The Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|actNum        = II
|act           = The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings
|part          = 5
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dehya; Dunyarzad; Nahida; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = The Samsara of the Sabzeruz Festival
|next          = The Empty Illusions of the Sabzeruz Festival
|exp           = 450
|mora          = 18,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|7}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=The Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival|chapter=3|act=2|part=5}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Nahida]]
# Talk to [[Dehya]]
# Go and check the evidence Dehya mentioned
# Talk to Nahida

==Gameplay Notes==
* The [[time]] cannot be changed while inside Sumeru City during the quest.
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during the quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The samsara of the Sabzeruz Festival continues. Are you really getting close to the truth?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...We're still in the same day!
:{{DIcon}} As expected, it's not as simple as we thought.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nahida, you already knew last night that we didn't break out of the samsara! Why didn't you tell us?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Would there have been a point? You would've spent the night with new worries, with tomorrow still out of reach.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In that case ... You might as well rest within that brief moment of hope. An opportunity like that doesn't come by often, and I thought it might help you clear your minds.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought the dook-dook did that! Ah, whatever, guess you were looking out for us after all.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehe, of course. In the time we've been together, you two have been everything to me.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Paimon's flattered and everything, but maybe you're taking things a little fast...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Hehehe... What I mean is, even though I had asked you to solve this puzzle, you two are still the only ones who can see me and sense my presence.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' In other words, if you weren't here, I may as well not exist. That's why you two have been everything to me. Get it?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, Nahida's talking about confusing stuff again...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 nahida 06.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Anyway, that's enough chit-chat. So Traveler, did the new clues yesterday help you gain a new understanding of the situation?
:{{DIcon}} The time loop theory is indeed incorrect.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why are you scrapping your previous theory?
:{{DIcon}} Dehya's fighting skills have been improving.
:{{DIcon}} [[Dunyarzad]]'s illness has also gotten worse...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, you're right. Gosh, how did we not notice that? In a simple time loop, people's physical conditions should also reset.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 1 nahida 07.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' So, what's your new hypothesis?
----
;(The Traveler enters {{color|menu|Contemplation}})

;(Select - Alchemical Divination Results)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 01.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' The Moon, illusions, and lies... What do they all mean?

;(Select - Bodily Memories)
:{{A|vo xmaq012 10 hero 09.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq012 10 heroine 09.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' Mercenaries rely heavily on muscle memory, and Dehya was able to use her experiences to avoid injury in later samsara cycles.

;(Select - The Akasha's Sound)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 10.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 10.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' The beep is a prompt tone for Akasha operations. We still hear it every night, even though we removed our Akasha Terminals.

;(Select - Information on the Akasha)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 08.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 08.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' Okay, Nahida said, "The Akasha relies on the power of a Gnosis to operate, as it is the manifestation of the God of Wisdom's power. It compiles the wisdom of the entire populace, and it grants knowledge to the people."

;(Select - The Sabzeruz Festival Samsara)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 06.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 06.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' We've already experienced the Sabzeruz Festival many times. And... the day of the festival seems to be in a perpetual samsara.

;(Submit the wrong conclusion)
:{{A|vo xmaq013 10 hero 23.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq013 10 heroine 23.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' That doesn't sound right... I need to carefully think things through...

;(Submit the correct association - Bodily Memories with The Akasha's Sound)

;(Select - Memories Are Deleted Everyday)
:{{A|vo xmaq012 10 hero 18.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq012 10 heroine 18.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' If all our memories of a day are erased at the end of that day, then we would unwittingly relive the same day again and again.
;(Submit conclusion)
;(Continue to next section)
----
:{{color|menu|After going over what happened in detail, you believe the only plausible explanation is "Memory Deletion."}}
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Um...
:{{DIcon}} We aren't in a time loop...
:{{DIcon}} Instead, our memories are being erased at the end of each day.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Then the beep we hear every night could just be indicating the deletion of our memories.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's why when we wake up, everyone thinks the Sabzeruz Festival hasn't happened yet. It's already the next day, but everyone still thinks it's the day before.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But muscle memory can't be erased. That's why Dehya has been getting better at using her greatsword! Now everything makes sense!
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' ...Hm, a brilliant deduction.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nahida, tell us if we're right or wrong!
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' To put it simply, it's as if you've mistaken a Pyro [[Crystalfly]] for a [[Firefly]] in the night. You lost sight of its true nature because you focused too much on your perception that it glows.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That isn't simple at all!
:{{DIcon}} Still the wrong conclusion, huh...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Why don't you go talk to Miss Dehya again? You might learn something new.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right... She did help us find our latest clue, after all. Let's go!

;(Talk to Nahida again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq010 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' We don't have many more festivals to waste. Hurry and find the truth.
----
;(Talk to Dehya)
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...There you are. Really took me a while to find you.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As expected, Dehya also didn't get hurt today.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Get hurt? Why would I? Don't underestimate me.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you're still getting used to your new greatsword...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Truth be told, I also think it's pretty strange. It just suddenly felt so familiar in my hands... Wait a sec, how did you know I got a new greatsword to begin with? I didn't tell anyone about it...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, could you explain the situation to her today? Paimon's gotten a little sick of doing it...
:{{DIcon}} We don't actually need to explain everything.
:{{DIcon}} Let's just get straight to the point.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that works.
:{{DIcon}} You suddenly became proficient with your greatsword because...
::{{DIcon}} We've lived through this same day many times already.
::{{DIcon}} And our memories of the day are erased every night.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...What happened to you guys while I was gone? Did you get brainwashed by some cult?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm, don't think too hard about it. Just take what we're saying at face value.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' ...Alright then. Let me get this straight. You're telling me that my body's already gotten used to this greatsword, but my brain just doesn't remember it?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes, your memory's being erased every day.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Then I'd have to disagree. That's impossible.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Why do you think that?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' If we've actually been reliving the Sabzeruz Festival day after day, then what happened to the things we used, the money we spent, the food we ate?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Common sense says my wallet should've emptied itself a long time ago. There's no way I wouldn't have noticed that.
:{{DIcon}} I've thought about that, too.
::{{DIcon}} But if the sages were behind this...
::{{DIcon}} If they utilized the entire city's resources, as well as information supplied by the Akasha...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right... They could use the Akasha to record what everyone did that day, and then use the city's resources to replenish everything...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not very likely, but it's also not impossible.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' No, it is impossible. I've got proof.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You have proof? Where?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' *sigh* You two are surprisingly serious about this nonsensical discussion. Fine, I'll play along for a little longer.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 3 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Come with me. Miss Dunyarzad, please come along as well. I still can't guarantee that this area is safe.

;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe it's Dehya who wants to show us something this time. Two days ago, we were the ones taking her to see Dunyarzad...

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' This is it.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? This a wooden training dummy. What about it?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' See those marks on the dummy? Those are the result of several days' worth of practice.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 03.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Let's say the sages didn't replace it every day. Shouldn't it be hacked to pieces by now?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true, but what if they did?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 04.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Then the sages would have had to reproduce every mark I left during previous training sessions.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 05.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I'm a professional fighter. My martial school has always emphasized the importance of refined control.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 06.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The force, angle, and entry point of each strike is calculated and deliberate. That's why I remember every mark on the dummy, as well as my state of mind as I made each strike.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 07.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' It's just as they say: Each swordsman has their own unique style, and even the same swordsman can't make the same cut twice. It would be impossible to copy these marks.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it really impossible? What if they used some fancy machine to carve every single mark?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 08.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' People often say that a [[Kamera]]'s photo can never replace an artist's painting because the former has no spirit to it.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 09.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' The same thing applies here. At a mere glance, I can differentiate carved marks from the results of combat training.
:{{DIcon}} ...That makes sense.
:{{DIcon}} It seems we'll have to abandon this theory...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 10.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Phew... I hope that cleared things up for you? Hey, is this that new Brainsercise game that's been super popular with the scholars lately? It's surprisingly fun.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 dehya 11.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Anyway, it's getting late. I should escort Miss Dunyarzad to [[Nilou]]'s stage. See ya later.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Welp, back to square one. Is our memory deletion theory also wrong? *sigh*
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But at least we've reached some other conclusions in the meantime?
:{{DIcon}} We're not in a time loop.
:{{DIcon}} We're not in the real world.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, that's true. So... can we think of any new ideas right now?
:{{DIcon}} Let me think...
:{{DIcon}} I suddenly realized that something is strange...
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Strange? Paimon feels like everything's been strange lately...
:{{DIcon}} How come... we've never thought about leaving the city?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Leaving the city... You're right! It's really strange how we never thought of such a simple solution. Many things should become clear if we can confirm the flow of time outside of the city.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe it... Did we miss this because we're tunnel-visioning too hard on our other theories, or because we're just too tired?
:{{DIcon}} It is really strange.
:{{DIcon}} We should've thought of this a long time ago.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about we go back and ask Nahida? Maybe we've forgotten something about leaving the city.
----
;(Talk to Nahida)
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nahida, we're back!
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 nahida 01.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' You're back early today. Did you find something new?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sort of. We're mostly sure now that we're not in a time loop, and we also aren't in the real world. But at the same time, we have a new question...
:{{DIcon}} What will happen if we try to leave the city?
:{{DIcon}} Have we ever tried leaving the city?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 nahida 02.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Leaving the city... As far as I remember, you've mentioned your plans to do that twice before...
:{{DIcon}} !?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We did? But we don't remember anything! What happened after we talked about those plans? What did we say when we got back?
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 nahida 03.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Let me think... I don't think you ever actually told me what the outcome was. Oh &mdash; it's probably more accurate to say that both times, you never came back the whole night.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 nahida 04.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' But you two sometimes stay out the entire night anyway, so at the time, I didn't think too much about it.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It is true that sometimes we lose track of time during our investigations. Before we know it, it'll already be the next day. But still... neither of us remember anything about leaving town.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 nahida 05.ogg}} '''Nahida:''' Really? That's kinda strange. In theory, I should've already awakened all your memories.
:{{DIcon}} Let's try again tomorrow.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe this is the key.
:{{A|vo xmaq012 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup! Something here's definitely fishy. Let's get to the bottom of this tomorrow!
:{{color|menu|A plan has been set in motion somewhere unknown to you...}}
:{{A|Akasha Terminal Beep.ogg}} '''???:''' *beep*
{{Dialogue end}}

===Attempting to leave Sumeru City===
{{Transclude|The Coming of the Sabzeruz Festival|Attempting to leave Sumeru City}}

==Trivia==
{{Transclude|The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings|steins;gate reference|section=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival
|zhs     = 因果命运的花神诞祭
|zhs_rm  = Yīnguǒ Mìngyùn de Huāshéndànjì
|zht     = 因果命運的花神誕祭
|zht_rm  = Yīnguǒ Mìngyùn de Huāshéndànjì
|zh_tl   = The Destined Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival
|ja      = 運命を因果せし花神誕祭
|ja_rm   = Unmei wo Inga seshi Kashin Tansai
|ja_tl   = Flower God's Birthday Festival that Influenced Cause and Effect of Fate
|ko      = 인과와 운명의 화신 탄신 축제
|ko_rm   = Ingwawa Unmyeong-ui Hwasin Tansin Chukje
|ko_tl   = Flower God's Birthday Festival of Cause and Effect and Fate
|es      = Un festival sin fin
|es_tl   = An Endless Festival
|fr      = La causalité du Festival Sabzeruz
|fr_tl   = The Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival
|ru      = Роковой Сабзеруз
|ru_tl   = Fateful Sabzeruz
|ru_note = {{lang|ru=Роковой|ru_rm=Rokovoy|mini=1}} can mean both "fatal, deadly" and "fateful".
|th      = ชะตากรรมของเทศกาล Sabzeruz
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lễ Hội Sabzeruz Định Mệnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das vorbestimmte Sabzeruz-Fest
|de_tl   = The Pre-Destined Sabzeruz Festival
|id      = Sebab dan Akibat dari Festival Sabzeruz
|id_tl   = The Cause and Effect of Sabzeruz Festival
|pt      = O Destino do Festival Sabzeruz
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sabzeruz Festivalinin Nedenselliği
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La causalità del Festival del Sabzeruz
|it_tl   = The Causality of the Sabzeruz Festival
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter III}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 3]]

[[es:Un festival sin fin]]