{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40085
|image         = Event Quest The Strongest Opponent The Biggest Crisis.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Fabulous Fungus Frenzy
|actNum        = V
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Ajilenakh Dash; Elchingen; Haniyyah; Layla; Paimon; Sido; Traveler; Yae Miko; Souka; Baron Bigfoot <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Hardy Two-Blades <!-- audience, no voicelines -->; Aratani <!-- cutscene audience, no voicelines -->; Balfour <!-- cutscene audience, no voicelines -->; Jutta <!-- cutscene audience, no voicelines -->; Najah <!-- cutscene audience, no voicelines -->; Kautilya <!-- cutscene -->; Bongo-Head; Kindlejoy; Twirly-Whirly; Blitzara <!-- fungi -->
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = Unfathomable Defenses
|next          = Farewell, My Shroom Buddies
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!''''' is the fifth [[Event Quest]] during the [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait till the next morning (8:00 – 10:00)
# Go to the arena
# Participate in the final
# Defeat [[Haniyyah]]
# Hold your ground against your opponent's attacks
# Defeat the Fatui
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard;Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire;Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer;Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard;Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire;Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer;Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* After completing this quest, a Fatui Pyro Agent [[Yurochka]] can be found in the northwest area of [[Chatrakam Cave]]. Upon defeating him, he will drop the [[Mysterious Fatui Letter]] and [[Special Wisdom Orb]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It is the day of the grand finale. Can you change Haniyyah's mind and find a proper way to help the Fungi settle down? Everything hinges on your success!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *yawn* ...Ready? Today's the big day, the Nilotpala Cup final!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We have to defeat Haniyyah, make her see the light, and expose Kautilya!

;(Approach the stage)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 elchingen 01.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Ladies and gentlemen, after some fierce competition in the rounds so far, we arrive, at long last, at the final of the Nilotpala Cup! It's time to find out who is the very best beast-tamer of all: Haniyyah or the Traveler, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 elchingen 02.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' If the winner of the final round makes it through the Ultimate Trial, they will acquire my entire fortune. It will then be their responsibility to continue hosting this tournament into the future and to promote the philosophy of peaceful coexistence throughout all of Teyvat...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kautilya isn't here today... This is our chance! After the final match and the Ultimate Trial, we'll go tip off Elchingen, and confront Kautilya head on!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, Layla, you're here!

:'''You bring Miko and Layla up to speed on your conversation with Haniyyah and your plan for today.'''

:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Much as I expected. The insufferable research maniac has exposed his true colors to our two protagonists... You seem to be edging ever closer to the truth.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Holding off on reporting Kautilya to the Akademiya seems like a sensibly cautious decision at this stage. Who's to say if Kautilya &mdash; or indeed, anyone else for that matter &mdash; is really who they appear to be?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we can't afford to let our guards down now. We gotta fight Haniyyah first, the strongest beast-tamer out there. And we still have no idea what we're in for with Elchingen's Ultimate Trial.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How are we gonna get through to Haniyyah, though...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The answer should be quite obvious by now, surely?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Take all of our Fungi and defeat her fair and square. Force her to let go of her stubborn attitude and listen to the truth.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I believe in you guys... I know you'll be able to get her to come around!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for all your support!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, yeah! Bongo-Head, Twirly-Whirly, and Blitzara, the tightest power-trio in all of shroomdom!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' With your powers combined, winning this final will be easier than taking a radish from a hilichurl!
----
;(Approach the arena)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' The day has finally arrived, (Traveler) and Paimon.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I warned you not to get emotionally attached to the Fungi. You have to treat them as your pawns...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' But it seems like you haven't changed one bit. In which case, this match will be a short one.
:{{DIcon}} You're the one that needs to change.
:{{DIcon}} We'll show you.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! When we send Bongo-Head and buddies into action, it's like clockwork! And we ain't about to stop tickin'!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' *sigh* ...Time to show you how a real beast-tamer fights. Your feeble strategy will be your undoing! Go, Pyro-1!

;(During the fight)
;(Once player uses Bongo-Head's Water Bomb)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We have no choice! Let's use "Chillaxifying Water Bubbles!"

;(Once Hanniyyah uses Pyro-1's Meltdown Blast)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 06.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' It's time. Torch 'em all!

;(Once Bongo-Head has low health)
:{{A|Vo eqpm005 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a dynamic duo... Haniyyah and Pyro-1 are so strong together!

;(Once Pyro-1 has low health)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 3 haniyyah 05.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Don't worry, Pyro-1. They're about to reach their limit.

;(After defeating Haniyyah)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' How in the... Pyro-1, why did you hold back?
:{{DIcon}} You're the one giving the orders.
:{{DIcon}} Pyro-1 has become more than just a pawn to you.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't blame Pyro-1, Haniyyah. And don't force yourself to do something you don't want to. You started having second thoughts when Pyro-1 got injured during the semifinals, didn't you?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You'd never met a well-matched opponent until you fought Miko and now us, had you? So you've never had to put Pyro-1 or any of your other Fungi in danger before.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you saw one of your Fungi get injured for the first time, you realized you felt compassion for it.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' "Compassion"? You really think I feel anything for these Fungi?
:{{DIcon}} Yes. It's painfully obvious.
:{{DIcon}} You're just in denial.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haniyyah... You grew up listening to terrible tales about the horrors of Fungi. Paimon completely understands how they made you feel.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But that doesn't mean that you should just treat a buddy who stands by you here as your arch-enemy... You won't be able to lie to yourself forever.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We fight off fierce Fungi all the time, and we always used to think of them as "monsters," too. The whole reason we entered this tournament is because we didn't want Fungi causing any trouble.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But after meeting Bongo-Head, we realized that if you just give them some time and treat them well, the gentler Fungi will get to know you and treat you like their friends!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At the very least, treat the Fungi like they're on your side. Not as your pawns, and certainly not as your enemy! Please, learn to trust Pyro-1 and your other Fungi friends.
:{{DIcon}} Say no to prejudice.
:{{DIcon}} Treat your Fungi right.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Enough! Don't patronize me! In case you've forgotten, this match isn't over yet.

;(During the fight)
;(Once player uses Bongo-Head's Water Bomb)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Use Sobering Splash to the Face and defeat Haniyyah once and for all!

;(Once Hanniyyah uses Pyro-1's Meltdown Blast)
:{{A|Vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 05.ogg}} '''Hanniyyah:''' Pyro-1, release the explosion!

;(Once Bongo-Head has low health)
:{{A|Vo eqpm005 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's okay, Bongo-Head, Hanniyyah and Pyro-1 aren't going to hurt you for real!

;(Once Pyro-1 has low health)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 4 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Give it your all, Pyro-1! Show them what you're truly made of!

;(After defeating Haniyyah)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I've failed... Just before the most important step of all, I've failed...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' You two... you were the only ones who could stop me. But how, when your mindset is so childish?
:{{DIcon}} We'll show you how.
:{{DIcon}} Then you'll finally understand.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haniyyah, as we agreed, you have to hear us out now that we've won.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But let's put that aside for now. Can we bring Pyro-1 along for the Ultimate Trial?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Pyro-1? You want to take it with you?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! We wanna pass the Ultimate Trial with everyone's Fungi side-by-side: Bongo-Head, Twirly-Whirly, Blitzara, and Pyro-1.
:{{DIcon}} We'll earn the rights to all these Fungi.
:{{DIcon}} We'll make sure they're all properly looked after.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We looked through your notebook that day after we spoke to you, and it cleared up a lot of things. You're right to be concerned about the dangers of Fungi, up to a point.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wisdom Orbs come with health risks to some people. This tournament shouldn't have been promoted so widely, and there are limits to how closely Fungi and humans can coexist in general.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' However, by making constant improvements to the Wisdom Orb and using it for friendly communication with the Fungi, we can figure out which are the nice ones and gradually learn more about them.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' ...Fine, if that's what you want. I lost, so I don't get to call the shots. ...And I guess Pyro-1 would rather be with someone who actually cares about it.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cheer up, Haniyyah! Paimon's sure you mean a lot to Pyro-1... We have more important stuff we gotta tell you after the Ultimate Trial!
:{{DIcon}} Regarding your ancestors...
:{{DIcon}} And the truth behind the Fungi attack...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right! You'll see things differently after you know the story, Paimon just knows it...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 elchingen 01.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' I just had to say &mdash; what a magnificent duel! A battle between competing philosophies as well as a showdown between two top beast-tamers!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Elchingen? What are you doing in the arena?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 elchingen 02.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Why, I'm here to witness the final duel and the winner's spectacular performance in the Ultimate Trial! How could I possibly miss such a milestone moment in this tournament's history?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 5 elchingen 03.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Come now, Traveler, Paimon. It's time to prove yourselves. I have no doubt that you'll play a significant role in bringing this tournament to a whole new level.

:'''You follow Elchingen to the location of the Ultimate Trial...'''''

:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's going on here... Why are there Fatui everywhere?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Elchingen, the arena's been taken over by bad guys! We'll deal with them &mdash; get yourself to safety!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second... Where is the exit?
:{{DIcon}} The arena hasn't been taken over by bad guys...
:{{DIcon}} This was all part of Elchingen's plan.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 01.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' The Traveler is correct. Nothing gets past you, does it? In which case, I presume you planned for this eventuality... no?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, this is all wrong... Isn't this the Ultimate Trial? Kautilya's supposed to be the villain! He was just using this tournament for his own agenda, and he tricked you into sponsoring him...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 02.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Hmm, not far off. You're right about Kautilya's motivations &mdash; this started when he discovered a promising use for a forgotten technology.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 03.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' So I bought his loyalty and organized this tournament to expand the reach of his technology. Though I must say, I never expected a prize catch like yourself to take the bait so eagerly.
:{{DIcon}} Not as eagerly as you're confessing to your crimes.
:{{DIcon}} You can continue your confession in jail.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... you weren't being fooled by Kautilya. It was you using him! This whole time you were just another lousy Fatui!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now Paimon's mad! So much for warning you about Kautilya... Bongo-Head, get him!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 04.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Ooh look at you! I've got chills down my spine. But I'm afraid that's not happening.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Twirly-Whirly? Blitzara? Pyro-1? What's going on!?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 05.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Kautilya added a handy little backdoor in the Wisdom Orbs. Soon as I send the command, all Fungi under their control report to me instead.
:{{DIcon}} A backdoor?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, this whole tournament... It was just an elaborate ploy to get other people to capture Fungi for you! And now you're gonna make them all into your evil minions!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 06.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Very impressive, you hit all the key notes there. I hold the tournament a few times, build up an army of Fungi living amongst the people... and then I can create all kinds of damage. You have to understand, this is a huge opportunity for me.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 07.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' My accomplishments will eclipse those of all my other comrades. And then, my dear master Dottore, who left because of you, will finally realize that I can still be worth something to him...
:{{DIcon}} Dottore...
:{{DIcon}} You've worked for Dottore before...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 08.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' But now... I think I might go one step further.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 09.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Getting rid of you would be doing a major service for all the Fatui, from the foot-soldiers to the harbingers. This could be a career-making moment for me... I'll finally earn Master Dottore's respect...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 10.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' I'll just say it was a tragic accident. You placed too much trust in the Fungi, tried to push past the limits, and ended up causing the whole arena to collapse with you still inside.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 11.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Once this domain's sealed off, no one will ever find you. I'll have Kautilya assume all liability and criminal charges, then inform the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 12.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' After that, I'll invest even more into this tournament, in the name of honoring your memory. I'll promote it harder, the competitions will be bigger and more frequent...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You... selfish, double-crossing monster! How could you!?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Grr... Paimon's heard just about enough from you, mister! You'll never get away with this!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... what are we gonna do? You don't have any weapons on you, and our shroom buddies won't respond to us anymore!
:{{DIcon}} It's every man... or shroom for themselves!
:{{DIcon}} I have faith in Bongo-Head!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 13a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 13b.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Take your time. Pit Fungi against Fungi and warriors against warriors. I want the Traveler to see {{MC|m=his|f=her}} "buddy" being destroyed... Then, once {{MC|m=his|f=her}} faith is utterly shattered, put {{MC|m=him|f=her}} out of {{MC|m=his|f=her}} misery, quickly and painlessly.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 elchingen 14.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' I accept that our actions thus far have not been beyond reproach... but at least we can give the Traveler the ceremonious final farewell that they deserve.

<!--Doesn't seem to be triggerable; leaving the domain resets back to before the fight with Haniyyah; Bongo-Head's HP doesn't drop much before the next section triggers even if you let it get attacked--><!--
;(During the fight)
:{{A|Vo eqpm005 6 paimon 12.ogg}}:'''Paimon:''' No! Leave Bongo-Head alone!
-->
;(If player uses Bongo-Head's Water Bomb)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 6 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bongo-Head, use your... something... anything-Waterballoon! Wake everyone up!

;(After some time has passed in the battle)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bongo-Head! Are you okay!?
:{{DIcon}} There are too many of them...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 01.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' This isn't right... I've activated the backdoor command three times now on the Floating Hydro Fungus, why is it still obeying the Traveler?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 02.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Is Kautilya's device malfunctioning?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh dear, the poor thing still hasn't realized.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The technology in the Wisdom Orb does make Fungi more obedient to their beast-tamers, but all it does to achieve this is suppress some of their basic instincts, allowing them to communicate with their owner as effectively as any other animal.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The trust that these four Fungi place in their beast-tamers, and the bond they now share, have grown stronger than the Wisdom Orb.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 03.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Yae Miko... Y&mdash;You broke the domain-sealing spell?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Please! You thought your crude replicas could keep me out? You appear to have woefully underestimated who you're dealing with...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Not to mention that shoddily designed backdoor command... Did you honestly believe that no one would notice the litany of vulnerabilities in your grand plan?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 04.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Curses...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko! Layla! ...And Haniyyah, too!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Elchingen... So this was all YOUR doing!?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Whatever threat the Fungi might pose, your nefarious ambitions are the true menace here...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' C'mon, Miss Yae... Let's go help them!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Easy now, Layla. All that's left for us to do now is to watch and wait. The bond of companionship is not something so easily severed by the designs or devices of humans.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Blitzara, you haven't completed your mission yet. You're not thinking of giving up now, are you?
:;(Yae Miko waves her ''{{w|gohei}}'' and the Elchingen's Wisdom Orb deactivates)
:;(Blitzara breaks free from the backdoor command)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Look, Blitzara's back to normal!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Is this the moment Miss Yae said we were waiting for...?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Twirly-Whirly, I believe in you! Take this crook down... *coughing*
:;(Twirly-Whirly breaks free from the backdoor command)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The backdoor command is wearing off... They're all returning to normal!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Still doubting what your heart tells you, Haniyyah?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You're afraid... afraid to accept that the Fungus you treated as a pawn now trusts you completely. Because then you'll be forced to face your true feelings, which you have been trying so desperately to escape from.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But don't keep your Fungus waiting much longer... Look, now that it's no longer under the Wisdom Orb's control, it's waiting for your orders.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Pyro-1... Are you really waiting for me?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I'm sorry, I... I've been so harsh on you, but you still trust me...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 haniyyah 05.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Go, do what you have to do.
:;(Pyro-1 breaks free from the backdoor command)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Well, one way or another, it looks like all the Fungi have returned to their senses! Great!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shame on you, Elchingen! You're about to pay for what you've done!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 elchingen 05.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Hold the line, and keep your heads. They're just a handful of Fungi. We still have the upper hand.

;(During the fight)
;(Once player uses Bongo-Head's Water Bomb)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Victory is within our grasp! Bongo-Head, use Waterbomb of Final Justice!

;(Once Bongo-Head has low health)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We have to win this! Paimon believes in you, Bongo-Head!

;(After defeating the Fatui)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 8 elchingen 01.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' Beaten by a few measly Fungi... This is absurd!
:{{DIcon}} Where do you think you're going?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko! Why didn't you stop him!?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 8 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? Oh, I'm just a tourist. As far as I'm aware, I don't have the authority to detain anybody within Sumeru's borders... Is that not the case for you, too?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 8 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Still, you needn't worry. He won't escape. You'll see once you get back to the tournament arena.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, cryptic... Well, no time to figure that one out &mdash; on with the chase!
:;(The player is teleported out of the arena)
:;(The Traveler and Paimon walk towards Elchingen and Kautilya surrounded by Corps of Thirty)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're from... the Corps of Thirty?
:{{DIcon}} You finally made your move.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 sido 01.ogg}} '''Sido:''' By order of the General Mahamatra, we're here to arrest Elchingen for grave crimes, and Kautilya for academic misconduct.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 sido 02.ogg}} '''Sido:''' The General Mahamatra has been watching Kautilya closely for some time. He's busy dealing with other affairs today, so he couldn't find the time to apprehend the offenders himself. Thankfully, with all the evidence you gathered, we were able to swiftly bring this case to a conclusion.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 sido 03.ogg}} '''Sido:''' The General Mahamatra wrote a letter for the two of you. Please take a look.
::'''Cyno's Missive'''
::Overview:
::Prior to the General Mahamatra's return to his post, the matra were starting to suspect that Kautilya was up to something. Kautliya had Elchingen partner up with him, keeping the most important evidence hidden. If it weren't for the Traveler and Paimon's help in providing crucial evidence, the matra might've spent a longer time investigating the duo's actions.
::The Wisdom Orb and Floral Jelly were indeed derived from the "Capturing Device" and "Withering Potion." The latter two share similarities to the Omni-Ubiquity Net from Inazuma, which originates from Liyue's Adeptus Arts. Therefore, one could say the two technologies are based on solid references. However, the "Capturing Device" and "Withering Potion" aren't thoroughly validated due to insufficient development time. They're experimental items created by Amurta researchers for controlling dangerous creatures. These items once resulted in a horrific accident, and therefore should no doubt be locked away forever.
::Kautilya made use of his status and Elchingen's funds to bribe relevant personnel. He obtained samples and documentation, then hired a few talented students to work on enhancing the two products. By making them safer and more reliable, Kautilya would then use this tournament as a cover for his true intentions &mdash; causing damage in Sumeru.
::The matra rounded up another group of Amurta scholars to develop a countermeasure that targeted Kautilya's backdoor command. They planted it into specific Wisdom Orbs and handed them out to the matra on shift at the arena. If anything happens, the countermeasure would be put to use.
::Fortunately, everything went smoothly with the tournament. No one was hurt, and there were no property losses. The tournament even brought financial gain to Port Ormos.
::As of now, all involved personnel within the Akademiya have been detained. They shall face just judgment. Sido, leader of this operation, has confirmed all locations of interest. Criminals at large are highly likely to show up around these areas. The Corps of Thirty can acquire them with no more than a limited number of people.
::As for Elchingen, the results of the initial investigation reveals that 60 percent of his sponsor funds came from illegal sources. The rest were his business earnings in Sumeru. Because this Fatui informant is quite a complicated case, the Akademiya will arrange for specialized personnel to deal with this matter.
::...<br /><br />
::Traveler and Paimon:
::I have included Sido's report at the front of this letter. Take a look if you're interested &mdash; it may help you understand the situation better.
::The enthusiastic participants and audience do not deserve to be deceived like this. I will be using Elchingen's business earnings as prize money for the participants and compensation for other relevant people. If the funds are not enough, the extra amount will be included in Kautliya's fine.
::The Beast Tamers Tournament has a positive influence and might become as well-known as Genius Invokation TCG, so it doesn't need to discontinue just because of two schemers. In the eyes of the general public, you two have taken over as the hosts of this event. Please don't worry too much &mdash; I trust that you'll arrange for things accordingly.
::Lastly, please say hello to Guuji Yae on my behalf. If the chance arises, I would like to spar with her in a duel. I hope she'll not be very against some powerful decks with certain styles.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Cyno's been keeping an eye on this competition, too. He and his people must have been secretly investigating at the same time as we were! Lucky we had some backup!
:{{DIcon}} The timing worked out perfectly.
:{{DIcon}} We'll leave the rest to you.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 sido 04.ogg}} '''Sido:''' Alright, we'll take the suspects away now. The arena will be unattended while we're gone, but with you here, I can put my mind at ease.
:;(Sido and the rest of the Corps of Thirty begin to bring Elchingen and Kautilya away)
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 elchingen 01.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' You might think this is over, but mark my words...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 elchingen 02.ogg}} '''Elchingen:''' You haven't seen the last of me... or of Master Dottore.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, quit while you're behind, loser! Have fun in prison, you Fatui low-life!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Cyno mentioned that he used our evidence. So... is that where Miko was going after the Last 16? To hand it in and make a report?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh please, spare me that look. I didn't sign up for any of this. I'm supposed to be having a nice vacation, but all sorts of vexing issues keep managing to find their way to me...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' After the round of 16, I simply took a walk around Sumeru City with my editors. I did have a very brief conversation with the General Mahamatra, but only because he happened to be passing by at the time. The evidence you gathered was the key to solving this case.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... The more you try playing it down, the more confusing it all sounds...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Um, anyway, now that the organizer and the sponsor have both been arrested, what should we do about the Fungi and this tournament?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The rules still stand. These little ones won the tournament and passed the Ultimate Trial, which means they'll be taking Elchingen and Kautilya's place.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' From now on, everything about this tournament will be up to these two to decide. And after all the experience they've gained, I'm sure they are more than up to the task.
:{{DIcon}} First things first, we need to tell Haniyyah the truth.
:{{DIcon}} Haniyyah needs to see things differently.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 01.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Lady Kitsune told me everything. The Fungi that attacked my ancestors were out of control because they'd gone berserk.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 02.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Everything I thought I knew about the Fungi was based on a misunderstanding. I took it all much too far...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? We didn't get to say anything! Miko, why'd you have to steal our thunder?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hah! If by that you mean "thank you, Miko," then you're welcome. Haniyyah needed a little pep talk to perk her up so that she would join us in taking a stand against Elchingen. How else was I supposed to motivate her?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 03.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' You don't have to say any more... I was too closed-minded, I know that now. I kept telling myself the same things, lying to myself until I became numb...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 04.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' But now, I've seen the truth with my own eyes. Even without the Wisdom Orb, Pyro-1 willingly followed my instruction. It trusted me all along...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 05.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' I hold my hands up: I was wrong. You're well within your rights to criticize me, and I accept whatever punishment you deem appropriate.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Punishment!? What do you take us for! Sure, you said some pretty scary things, and you were way too strict with Pyro-1, but clearly you've already learned your lesson.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait, actually, having said that &mdash; Paimon has an idea!
:{{DIcon}} Me too.

:'''Everyone discusses the final decision together, down to the precise wording.'''

:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! Paimon's got it! Let's go tell everyone else what we came up with!
:{{DIcon}} The victory speech is yours to make, Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Time to put your gift of gab to good use!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahem... this is Paimon's first time speaking to so many people from a stage like this. Paimon's getting butterflies...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon and (Traveler) are super happy that we were lucky enough to win this tournament and even expose a criminal conspiracy while we were at it. The responsibility for continuing to hold this tournament in the future now lies in our hands.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now, they may have thrown the organizer and the sponsor in jail... but you can all breathe a huge sigh of relief, 'cause the prizes are still being issued as promised!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 dashpalm 01.ogg}} '''Ajilenakh Dash:''' Yessss! That's what I'm talkin' about, woop-woop!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 souka 01.ogg}} '''Souka:''' That's a good call!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' However, unfortunately the Wisdom Orbs currently have a harmful effect on their surrounding environment, so they pose a risk to people's health. This means that we won't be able to keep our Fungi friends around for the long term.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So for the sake of everyone's well-being, over the coming days, we recommend that everyone entrusts their Fungi into the care of the best darned beast-tamer in town, Haniyyah.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you won't be away from them for too long! While Haniyyah takes care of your Fungi, we'll be talking to the Akademiya with the goal of trying to resolve the current issues with the Wisdom Orb as soon as possible!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And of course, this tournament was so much fun, it'd be a real shame if it was a one-off affair... Paimon's sure you've all got a big appetite for more Fungi fun and games!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So once the technical issues are all sorted out, and we're all reunited with our Fungi friends, let's battle it out all over again!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 06.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Oh, so THAT's my punishment?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Think of it more as a reward for being the runner-up.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Don't think of it that way, Miss Haniyyah. Spending time with shroom buddies is actually really fun! Right, Twirly-Whirly?
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm gonna miss you Twirly-Whirly... Take good care of my best shroom-buddy.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 07.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' (Traveler), Paimon, Layla, and Lady Kitsune... What can I say? You're a fascinating bunch...
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on, Haniyyah, we announced the official decision with everyone watching. You'd better look alive!
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 08.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' Yeah, don't worry. I get it.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 haniyyah 09.ogg}} '''Haniyyah:''' As a beast-tamer, I accept your proposal. I will do my utmost to care for these Fungi, and treat them like the treasured companions that they are to their masters.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, now those sound like the words of an awesome person called Haniyyah that Paimon wants to be friends with! Just wish you'd shown us this Haniyyah sooner.
:{{A|vo eqpm005 9 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's spend some final quality time with our shroom buddies. Then we'll all meet up in Port Ormos!
:;(Obtain [[Cyno's Missive]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!
|zhs     = 最强的对手！至大的危机！
|zhs_rm  = Zuìqiáng de Duìshǒu! Zhìdà de Wēijī!
|zht     = 最強的對手！至大的危機！
|zht_rm  = Zuìqiáng de Duìshǒu! Zhìdà de Wéijī!
|zh_tl   = The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!
|ja      = 最強の相手！最大の危機！
|ja_rm   = Saikyou no Aite! Saidai no Kiki!
|ja_tl   = The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!
|ko      = 가장 강한 적! 거대한 위기!
|ko_rm   = Gajang Ganghan Jeok! Geodaehan Wigi!
|ko_tl   = The Strongest Enemy! The Biggest Crisis!
|es      = ¡El oponente más fuerte y la mayor crisis!
|es_tl   = The Strongest Opponent and the Biggest Crisis!
|fr      = Le plus fort des adversaires ! La plus grande des crises !
|fr_tl   = The Strongest of Opponents! The Biggest of Crises!
|ru      = Самый сильный противник! Самые большие проблемы!
|ru_tl   = The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Problems!
|th      = คู่แข่งที่แข็งแกร่งที่สุด! วิกฤตครั้งใหญ่!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đối Thủ Mạnh Nhất! Nguy Cơ Lớn Nhất!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der stärkste Gegner! Die größte Gefahr!
|de_tl   = The Strongest Opponent! The Greatest Danger!
|id      = Lawan Terkuat! Krisis Tergawat!
|id_tl   = The Strongest Opponent! The Biggest Crisis!
|pt      = O Maior Oponente! A Maior Ameaça!
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

[[es:¡El oponente más fuerte y la mayor crisis!]]
[[ru:Самый сильный противник! Самые большие проблемы!]]
[[pt-br:O Maior Oponente! A Maior Ameaça!]]