{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World The Forsaken Sea of Wisdom.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Chronicler of the Crumbling City
|part          = 1a
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Little One; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Ancient Sacred Mountain]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Ancient Sacred Mountain
|subarea       = Sea of Shifting Sentience
|parent        = The Frozen, Rekindling Land
|concurrent    = Sealed Site of Sacrifice
|next          = 
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''The Forsaken Sea of Wisdom''''' is part of the {{Quest|Chronicler of the Crumbling City}}.

==Steps==
# Try to activate the Astral Assemblage(s)
# Charge the Astral Assemblage(s)
#* Defeat enemies to unlock the [[Spiritway]]: {{Enemy List|Pyro Slime;Large Pyro Slime}}
#* Defeat enemies to unlock the Spiritway: {{Enemy List|Tenebrous Mimesis - Secret Source Automaton: Hunter-Seeker*3}}
#* Stop the Abyssal monster from corrupting the pool: 
#** {{Enemy|Tenebrous Mimesis - Anemo Hilichurl Rogue|text=Tenebrous Mimiflora &mdash; One Who Wishes to Corrode This Space}}
# Let the [[liquid Phlogiston]] flood the dry pond
#* Smash the [[Pulverite]] nearby
# Take a dip in the pond
# Try to activate the Astral Assemblage(s)
# Use the [[Iridescent Beam]] to clear out the Abyss
# Re-activate the Astral Assemblage(s)

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 6, the player's Phlogiston bar will not decrease.
* This quest rewards 2 Luxurious Chests, 1 Precious Chest, and 1 Exquisite Chest.
* After completing this quest, the player can ride the Spiritway and complete the subsequent puzzles to progress to the next island easily.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check for conditional dialogue.<!-- 
Current dialogue is for: 
- Natlan Act V completed.
- Both major little one quests completed.
- All tribal chronicles completed.
--><br>Add talk-again lines.<br>Add open-world lines.}}
{{Quest Description|Find and stabilize the Astral Assemblage(s) to activate the Celestial Axis at the center of the Sacred City...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Astral Assemblage)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, this whole area is covered in liquid Phlogiston... Look at that giant fireball. Is that the "Astral Assemblage" we're supposed to be looking for?
:'''Paimon:''' But that fireball doesn't look like it's been sealed... Let's go take a look!

;(Activate the Astral Assemblage)
:;(The fireball rises into the air)
:{{Black Screen|Convoluted operation corrupted. Insufficient energy to support data...}}<!-- golden text -->
:{{Black Screen|Energy medium(s) near the activation site marked...}}
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrrah... Rawrgh!
:'''Paimon:''' You're patting your tummy... Are you hungry? Oh! You mean the fireball's hungry, is that it?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Then let's fill its tummy up! But, uhh... what do fireballs even eat?

;(After defeating the enemies)
:;(The two [[Secret Source Servant]]s activate the [[Spiritway]])
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon didn't realize they even had that ability...
:'''Paimon:''' We've heard that Spiritways were created by the ancient [[dragon]]s, but still...

;(Reach the end of the Spiritway)
:{{Black Screen|Oh, Chosen of Dragons... Submerge yourself in the pool of flowing flames, perceive... and then release its power.}} <!-- golden text -->
:{{Black Screen|With this, the "Astral Assemblage" can be released once more.}}
<!-- black screen transition -->
:{{Black Screen|As you immerse yourself in the liquid Phlogiston, images flash through your mind like warm memories.}}
:{{Black Screen|It is a memory from long ago. The great sovereign who once illuminated the world with his long horns changes the landscape within this mountain with but a flap of his wings.<br>Light and heat serve as messengers and heralds, conveying orders to flames in many-formed flow.<br>Then, the great king establishes here a repository for all memories and wisdom.}}
:{{Black Screen|Thus is the Sacred City of Tollan created. Thus did it don its original form.<br>This is the first memory preserved in the lake of blazing fire.}}
;(A ray of light emerges from one side of the fireball)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon never know the dragons used to have it so easy!
:'''Paimon:''' Just jump in some liquid Phlogiston and let all that knowledge go glub-glub-glub into your mind...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Did you see that too?
:'''Paimon:''' Also, it looks like the power in the pool has returned to that big fireball...

;(Approach the Mimifloras on the way to the next pool)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! Watch out for the monsters!

;(After defeating the Mimifloras)
:;(A Secret Source Servant emerges and creates a new Spiritway)
:'''Paimon:''' It doesn't matter how many times Paimon sees it, it still seems super strange...
:'''Paimon:''' How on earth did they build the Spiritways...

;(Reach the end of the Spiritway)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Are the Abyssal monsters trying to convert that thing? We can't let them have their way!

;(After defeating the Mimiflora)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... Whatever that fireball's trying to swallow is really far away this time...

;(Enter the pool using a [[Koholasaurus]])
:{{Black Screen|As you immerse yourself in the liquid Phlogiston, images flash through your mind like warm memories.}}
:{{Black Screen|Many dragons once immersed themselves in the lake of flame, and thus did the information and wisdom carried within the liquid Phlogiston flow into their minds.<br>But that was in ages past. None now come to this place to seek wisdom.<br>Instead, these crystallizations of sagacity came to be used as proofs of strength... To think that such objects that might push an entire species into the next generation would be used as naught but weapons!}}
:{{Black Screen|When the flame-lord of the many dragons feigned death on account of the pitch-black shadow that plagued him, when the human populace outside the volcano raised their banners of resistance...<br>Perhaps only violence could have suppressed the unease that people felt in their hearts.}}
;(A second ray of light emerges from the fireball)
:{{Black Screen|Energy medium retrieved.}}<!-- golden text -->
;(The nearby Secret Source Servant awakens and creates a Spiritway)

;(While riding the Spiritway)
:'''Paimon:''' Judging by the light next to the fireball, it looks like we need one more power source...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, let's keep moving forward!

;(Destroy the [[Pulverite]] near the pool)
:;(A large pillar is dislodged, crashing into a rock next to the pool and causing it to fill with lava)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, now we can activate the... power? Whatever it is that's inside...

;(Enter the pool using a Koholasaurus)
:{{Black Screen|As you immerse yourself in the liquid Phlogiston, images flash through your mind like warm memories.}}
:{{Black Screen|It has been many years since the Pyro Dragon Sovereign and the first human god tumbled together into the volcano's depths.<br>The Sacred City is pitch-dark, having been sealed. Whether through the loss of the primal flame or to adapt to realms now ruled by humanity, the ancient dragons have forsaken both wisdom and form. Others were reduced to ash when the furnace blazing in their breasts burned out.<br>The silver-white shadow steps alone into the turbulent blazing pool that lies within the ever-more-solitary city.}}
:{{Black Screen|He knows he can no longer obtain new wisdom from it.<br>But why, he asks himself.<br>"Perhaps it is because memory, too, is a hard-to-come-by experience."<br>So he replies in self-mockery, for there are many figures he can now only meet here.}}
;(A third ray of light emerges from the fireball)
:{{Black Screen|Energy medium retrieved. Re-establishing corrupted signal flow.}}<!-- golden text -->
:{{Black Screen|Astral Assemblage resuming normal operations.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, that hungry fireball should be full now!

;(Approach the Astral Assemblage)
:'''Paimon:''' Wahh! Why are all those monsters here again...
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
;(Cutscene begins)
:;(Abyssal energy surrounds the Astral Assemblage, encasing it in a hard shell)
:;(The lava in the area rises, and fiery boulders begin to shoot up from beneath the surface)
:;(Nearby, a large stone block with an [[Iridescent Beam]] emerges from the lava)
;(Cutscene ends)
:'''Paimon:''' The fireball... it's been sealed off...
:{{Black Screen|Oh, Chosen of Dragons... You have been baptized by the authority of flowing flame.}}
:{{Black Screen|Oh, Chosen of Dragons... Activate the Iridescent Beam and vanquish the great foe of the Abyss...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! The power of Phlogiston's flowing through it... But, uh, what should we do?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, what's that? The Phlogiston mechanism? You wanna use that to fight back?

;(Activate the Iridescent Beam)
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like that worked... Let's keep searching for more mechanisms!

;(After activating 3 Iridescent Beams)
:'''Paimon:''' Yay, we got one of 'em!

;(After clearing the abyssal corrosion)<!-- activating 3 more Iridescent Beams -->
:{{Black Screen|Abyssal reactions, none... Recalculating.}}<!-- golden text -->
:{{Black Screen|If necessary, please restart the "Astral Assemblage" to restore stability.}}

;(Approach the Astral Assemblage)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rroo...
:'''Paimon:''' Phew... Looks like it's finally over. Paimon's exhausted!
:'''Paimon:''' So, do we need to, what was it... re-activate that giant fireball?

;(Activate the Astral Assemblage)
:;(The Assemblage rises higher into the air, surrounded by swirls of energy)
:;(It shoots a beam of light towards the Celestial Axis, activating one of the pillars)
:{{Black Screen|Beside the flaming pool, the silver-white and ash-covered shadows converse as such...}}
:{{Black Screen|"...Phase Two experimental verification is complete. I name the thing that shall purify all and evolve all 'Huitzilopochtli,' or the 'Sweeping Skyfire'..."}}
:{{Black Screen|"Not that this matters. Names shall lose meaning in this place very soon, after all."}}
:'''Cold Voice:''' "The Astral Assemblages must be activated and actively attached to serve as countermeasures against corruption. Before they are completely warped by the Abyss, they will self-destruct and eliminate its influence..."
:'''Cold Voice:''' But how will you accurately identify targets as having been corrupted? A controllable specimen...
:'''Cold Voice:''' Self-experimentation? Has sanity deserted you?
:{{Black Screen|"Hah. This too, is well. If nothing else, this decrepit body may still serve in this manner."}}
:'''Cold Voice:''' So, you shall be the least likely to survive once this system is activated, then?
:'''Cold Voice:''' Has the Abyss at last rotted your mind? Or... do you simply wish for all your kin to be martyred upon your funeral pyre?
:{{Black Screen|"Such little faith you have in your people! All the lords have consented to this, save you."}}
:'''Cold Voice:''' They merely follow your plan as though blind, never once considering the true meaning behind the scheme... This action does not have my consent.
:{{Black Screen|"...That matters little. Destruction... shall also be rebirth. I have made my mind up as such."}}
:{{Black Screen|"Hah... I fear this is as much time as I can spend awake each day. In any case, I shall activate it once all is prepared."}}
:'''Cold Voice:''' Is there no room for a different course? I am still searching for another way... Are you certain that you are not bathing the world in flame over some personal grudge?
:{{Black Screen|"Perhaps! I will do anything it takes to keep our shadow-foe beyond the circles of this world."}}
:{{Black Screen|"Hah. Besides, 'another way,' you say... Will you really find what you seek from those 'humans' of yours? You are in too deep already. I see it..."}}
:{{Black Screen|"I once tried to make you understand... But just as it was with those of our line who sought wisdom through the pools of flame, knowledge and acceptance are two different things."}}
:'''Cold Voice:''' ...
:{{Black Screen|"If you believe that I simply wish for 'destruction,' whereas you have a world you wish to construct... Then stop me. Slay me. Prove yourself to me!"}}
:{{Black Screen|"But know this, [[Kukulkan]], though it be not prophecy- simply advice from one who once walked this path. A day shall come..."}}
:{{Black Screen|"...When you shall tread the same road as I."}}
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... Another weird conversation...
:'''Paimon:''' Who did those voices belong to...?
;(Nearby, two Secret Source Servants create a new Spiritway)<!-- takes the player to the next site -->
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Forsaken Sea of Wisdom
|zhs      = 荒弃的智海
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 荒棄的智海
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 捨てられし智慧の海
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 버려진 지식의 바다
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El mar del conocimiento abandonado
|es_tl    = The Abandoned Sea of Knowledge
|fr       = L'abandonnée mer de la sagesse
|fr_tl    = The Forsaken Sea of Wisdom
|ru       = Покинутое море мудрости
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ทะเลแห่งปัญญาที่ถูกทิ้งร้าง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Biển Trí Tuệ Hoang Phế
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Das verlassene Meer der Weisheit
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Lautan Pengetahuan yang Ditelantarkan
|id_tl    = The Abandoned Sea of Knowledge
|pt       = O Mar de Sabedoria Abandonado
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Terk Edilmiş Bilgelik Denizi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Il mare abbandonato della saggezza
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}