{{Quest Infobox
|title         = The Hymn of Tir Yazad
|id            = 73232
|image         = World Quest The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 2).png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Khvarena of Good and Evil
|part          = 4
|characters    = Katheryne (Sumeru); Mihir; Paimon; Rashnu; Sorush; Traveler; Zurvan
|startLocation = [[Tunigi Hollow]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Gavireh Lajavard
|subarea       = Tunigi Hollow
|domain        = The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Domain)
|prev          = The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Primogem*60;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|rep           = Sumeru
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 463
}}
'''''The Hymn of Tir Yazad''''' is a [[World Quest]] in the series [[Khvarena of Good and Evil]].

==Steps==
# Pass through the path in the depths
# Reach the top of the Harvisptokhm
# Enter the Defiled Chambers to search for the Spenta Hearts (0/3)
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Domain)|The Hymn of Tir Yazad]]
# Go to Gaokerena
# Defend the Flower of Sanctity
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp|x=2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Hilichurl Fighter;Hilichurl Shooter*2}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=2}}
#* Wave 4: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp}}
#* Wave 5: {{Enemy List|Hydro Abyss Mage;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 6: {{Enemy List|Thundercraven Rifthound;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2}}
#* Wave 7: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp}}
#* Wave 8: {{Enemy List|Hydro Abyss Mage;Pyro Abyss Mage}}
# Talk to Sorush
# Talk to Katheryne

==Gameplay Notes==
* When "the power of Amrita" begins to help while defending the Flower of Sanctity, all party members will gain a buff that grants them '''+100% ATK''' and occasionally generates shockwaves upon hitting an enemy.
* After the quest is completed, a {{Enemy|Consecrated Fanged Beast}} will appear near the former abyssal rift, guarding an Exquisite Chest. This enemy does respawn. The [[Gray Crystal]] nodes around the area will also be removed.
* Completing step 3 grants the {{Achievement|The Camel, the Lion, and the Child}}.
* Completing step 6 grants the {{Achievement|The Day of Tirgan}}.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Khvarena of Good and Evil (Achievement)}}.
* If there is any uncleared fog in [[Asipattravana Swamp]], completing the quest will clear them and grant the {{Achievement|Beneath the Fog}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Access the Harvisptokhm through the path of the depths, and complete the final Rite of Ab-Zohr.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the hole)
:'''Paimon:''' Are we at the top of the large tree stump?
:'''Paimon:''' We went through all that effort passing through that cavern, only to get blocked again?
:'''Sorush:''' I have obtained the Twin-Horned Chaplet, so why is the Harvisptokhm rejecting me? This shouldn't be happening... *sob*
:'''Paimon:''' Um, is there something wrong, Sorush? You don't look so good.
:'''Sorush:''' *sob* It's the Twin-Horned Chaplet... Something is... coming in!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Sorush!
:{{Black Screen|The roots of the ancient tree spread and interweave, each connection giving off a faint light.<br>As light and shadow intertwine, one image after another flashes by.}}
:{{Black Screen|Amidst the desolate mountains, heroes wield various weapons, the Pari lined up behind them.<br>And though the dark clouds hem them in, they do not move a single step back.}}
:{{Black Screen|In the darkest depths, titanic machinery glimmers softly.<br>Covering the flight of the people from the roiling black flames.}}
:{{Black Screen|Upon the boundless wilderness, a masked sword-wielder and a one-armed sage stand back-to-back.<br>Under the aegis of Khvarena, they resist the swarm of monsters rushing in like the tide.}}
:{{Black Screen|The Khvarena guide the path of all, and it is their destination as well.}}
:{{Black Screen|The countless lights converge into tiny motes, the white glow ascending from the tree's base.<br>Eventually, the once-dark sky lights up.}}
;(The hole beneath Sorush opens, Sorush faints and falls through. Traveler and Paimon follow after her.)
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, Sorush, wake up!
:'''Sorush:''' Agh...
:'''Paimon:''' Phew, you're finally awake! You really scared Paimon, fainting like you did up there.
:'''Sorush:''' I... I'm fine.
:'''Paimon:''' But the tree opened up after that, and we followed the path in. This is... the giant lotus, Gaokerena, that Zurvan was talking about, right?
:'''Paimon:''' What happened to you earlier? Did something go wrong with the Chaplet?
:'''Sorush:''' I saw memories that the earth returned to the Harvisptokhm. Countless Pari, Dahrian machines, and human warriors sacrificed themselves in battle against the demons.
:'''Sorush:''' A masked swordsman, a one-armed sage, and our ancient forerunners defeated the monsters that rose from the depths.
:'''Sorush:''' Their consciousnesses then joined the Harvisptokhm together with the Khvarena, turning into rain that descended from the heavens.
:'''Paimon:''' The Dahrian machines... Wait, did things really go the way Nasejuna said they did?
:{{DIcon}} Looks like we'll have to ask Zurvan.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah. But what should we do now? Paimon remembers Zurvan saying that we needed to clean out the impurities, or something like that...
:'''Sorush:''' We must enter the Defiled Chambers within our god's consciousness to rescue the Spenta Hearts trapped inside the impurities. Only then will the consciousness reawaken.
:'''Sorush:''' In the memories I saw, that place was a boundless void.
:'''Paimon:''' If that's the case, how are we supposed to get in?
:'''Sorush:''' Come with me. We only need to follow the paths left by the heroes of old, and we will reach our destination.
----
<!-- 
NOTE: 
These appear to be domains, because I heard the domain clear sound right before I entered the portal at the end 
I think they are also intended to be done in a specific order, but not sure about that
-->
;(In the first chamber)
:'''Paimon:''' According to Sorush, we need to find the Spenta Hearts... but how do we get over there?
:'''Sorush:''' The path is right there. You can't see it, Pale Floater, can you?
:'''Sorush:''' Well, well, if that's the case, let me take you on the way forward!

;(Approach the Khvarena)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, Paimon certainly didn't expect to see Khvarena in here!
:'''Sorush:''' In the past, it was by the power of Khvarena that our lord god resisted the corrosion of defilement.
:'''Sorush:''' As our lord god once said, "May the eternal Khvarena guide us on the upward path."
:'''Sorush:''' Follow the Khvarena and we can reach where the Spenta Heart is.

;(Approach the Spenta Heart)
:'''Sorush:''' That is our god's Spenta Heart. It appears that we can only obtain it after clearing out the defilement.

;(After collecting one Spenta Heart)
:'''Sorush:''' We have awakened one of them but there should be another. Onward!

;(After collecting the second Spenta Heart in the first defiled chamber)
:'''Paimon:''' This should do it!
:'''Sorush:''' Yes, now follow the direction of the light so that we may return to Gaokerena.

;(After gathering both Spenta Hearts in the second defiled chamber)
:'''Sorush:''' Now we have obtained the Spenta Hearts here as well.
:'''Sorush:''' Onward to the next Defiled Chamber, as we have done before.

;(Approach the end of the platform that held the second Spenta Heart)
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph, looks like the defilement isn't going to just let us go. It's going to confine us like it did to the Spenta Hearts.
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph. A trifling matter. Follow me!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Be careful, Sorush!

;(When Sorush creates a Khvarena Barrier)
:'''Sorush:''' I got this. Time to teach these evils defiling our god a lesson from the Pari!
:'''Sorush:''' Now is our chance. Go now. I'll catch up before you know it.

;(Approach the marked location in the third defiled chamber)
:'''Sorush:''' How strange... This place differs from the previous Defiled Chambers. I cannot detect the Spenta Heart's presence at all.
:'''Paimon:''' What are those inverted crystals in the sky? They seem similar to the great chasm outside...
:'''Paimon:''' There's something strange across the lake. Let's go check it out!

;(Pass through the rift)
:'''Paimon:''' Now what is this place!?
:'''Sorush:''' Hmm... This feels familiar somehow... Let me fly up and {{color|buzzword|investigate}}!

;(After getting lost<!-- idk how else to describe this-->)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon feels... wait, we just got here! We can't be lost already, can we?
:'''Sorush:''' Don't be foolish. We'll find our path as soon as I ascend to survey our surroundings.
:'''Paimon:''' Oooh, right! You're really reliable, Sorush!

;(Fly upwards with Sorush)
:'''Sorush:''' As expected, the landscape here is identical to that of those inverted crystals in the sky. Seems like that thing from before turned the entire Defiled Chamber upside down.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, so we were walking in the sky just now!?
:'''Sorush:''' But I can sense the presence of the Spenta Hearts in these crystal mazes. All we need is to find them.

;(After collecting the last Spenta Heart)
:'''Paimon:''' Now, we should have found all the Spenta Hearts!
:'''Paimon:''' We must find the exit... But how do we get out of this labyrinth?
:'''Paimon:''' We're counting on you, Sorush!
:'''Sorush:''' Hmph! Leave this matter to me! I am the Bloomguard after all!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:'''Paimon:''' The Spenta Hearts here have all been brought back to the lotus. According to what you said earlier, Sorush, we should be able to awaken the divine consciousness now.
:'''Sorush:''' In that case, let the real Rite of Ab-Zohr begin.
:'''Sorush:''' Next, I shall borrow the power of Khvarena to make the Flower of Sanctity bloom once again within Gaokerena.
:'''Sorush:''' But this will mean unleashing the filth gathered within the sacred lotus, which will transform into monsters that bar our path.
:'''Sorush:''' It matters not, for so long as the god's consciousness is awakened, the power of the Amrita will defend us.
:'''Sorush:''' If the Flower of Sanctity grows, it will spread Amrita all over the land, and cleanse all its impurities.
:'''Sorush:''' This, then, is a final battle worthy of a Bloomguard!

;(During the fight to defend the Flower of Sanctity)
:'''Sorush:''' Filth, filth has infested the Harvisptokhm... We have to nip the problem in the bud this time...
:'''Paimon:''' Come on, {{Traveler}}!

;(After wave 4)
:'''Sorush:''' The Harvisptokhm seems to have heard us. The power of Amrita comes to our aid.
:'''Sorush:''' Looks like it's almost done!

;(After wave 5)
:'''Sorush:''' {{Traveler}}, my Yasnapati, this is the final step!
:'''Sorush:''' The power of the filth is slowly fading away. Victory will be ours!

;(After defending the Flower of Sanctity)<!--
short cutscene plays -->
:{{Black Screen|With the Rite of Ab-Zohr complete, you then follow the flow of Amrita and leave the Harvisptokhm together with Sorush, returning to the sea of flowers...}}
:{{Black Screen|You see Zurvan, who is expecting your arrival.}}
:'''Zurvan:''' To think that you were truly able to complete the Rite of Ab-Zohr. Your deeds are indeed the equal of the ancient heroes. Most surprising.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, you don't look surprised at all!
:'''Sorush:''' The Sign of Apaosha has been extinguished, and the earth has been purified. To think that this could be done even without any sacrifice...
:'''Paimon:''' The rain was super heavy! That big hole in the sky is now gone, and the withered tree stump's grown back into a huge tree!
:'''Paimon:''' Your god will definitely suffer less, now that she's no longer being eaten away by those impurities!
:{{DIcon}} About what happened five hundred years ago...
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, that's right! The memories Sorush saw showed that there were people from Khaenri'ah amongst the Skeptics who first fought the monsters!
:'''Zurvan:''' Now, now, there's no need to be so serious. Since you have seen the memories of the past, what I shall now tell you are not tales, but truth.
:'''Zurvan:''' A long, long time ago, when I had first awakened amidst the sea of flowers, the skies were filled with anomalies of the dark hollow and there were monsters roaming everywhere &mdash; everywhere but this small land of refuge.
:'''Zurvan:''' I gathered the might of Khvarena according to the divine bird's last wishes, and departed from the sea of flowers to subdue the monsters, until I met that golden-haired man out in the wilderness.
:'''Zurvan:''' Half of his body had become that of a monster, but I did not sense an aura of monstrosity in him. When I discovered him, he was holding a ring tightly in his hand.
:'''Zurvan:''' I brought him back to the sea of flowers, and when he awoke, he claimed to be a Dahri swordsman who had only survived because he had been cursed.
:'''Zurvan:''' For a time, I traveled with this [[Dainsleif|masked swordsman]], and we resisted the Dev that invaded the sea of flowers.
:{{DIcon}} A masked swordsman...{{verify|does this require completion of [[We Will Be Reunited]]?}}
::'''Paimon:''' A masked swordsman from Khaenri'ah. Do you think that could be...
::'''Zurvan:''' Oh? So you do know him. That makes my explanation way easier.
:{{DIcon}} He was cursed...
::'''Zurvan:''' Yes. It is said that the people of Dahri were cursed to varying degrees during that catastrophe.
:'''Zurvan:''' Not long after that, people in scholarly garb led by a one-armed sage came forth from lands east of the desert.
:'''Zurvan:''' They claimed to have once fought shoulder-to-shoulder with the heroes of Dahri. They said that those heroes had walked their path despite the ill repute they had garnered...
:'''Zurvan:''' And that it was to carry the will those heroes had borne, and to completely destroy the disaster from the dark depths that they had followed the heroes' path to this place.
:'''Zurvan:''' Later, we entered a ruin left by the Dahrians together, and there we found machines that had stood against the monsters &mdash; machines that belonged to the war-party that had fought alongside those scholars.
:'''Zurvan:''' Finally, the one-armed sage used documents left by the Dahrians to find a path through the darkness to the Harvisptokhm.
:'''Zurvan:''' Thus did we enter the tree and use Amrita to purify the defiled skies and earth. After that, the sea of flowers would constantly birth Pari, and the monsters slowly disappeared from the land.
:'''Zurvan:''' Later, the masked swordsman would leave the sea of flowers alongside a [[Traveler's Sibling|{{MC|m=young woman|f=young man}} with golden hair]] just like yours, and the sage went into the ruins underground and never returned.
:'''Zurvan:''' The humans who remained would forge bonds with the newborn Pari and call themselves the Order of Skeptics as they settled here.
:'''Zurvan:''' And now, a golden-haired hero has returned to the sea of flowers, and though it is not the one who came before, I can feel that something has begun to flow again.
:'''Zurvan:''' This is also why I chose to ask you for help. With you around, I need not fret about going hither and thither searching for a valiant soul to fight alongside us Pari.
:'''Zurvan:''' The task of teaching humans is a most trying one indeed.
:'''Paimon:''' That's just because you Pari are each lazier than the last!
:'''Sorush:''' Pale Floater, do not include me in this...
:'''Zurvan:''' Well then, since you have finished the Rite of Ab-Zohr, the impurities will not be able to threaten this place for a time &mdash; and I can take that time to rest.
:'''Zurvan:''' As for Sorush, I leave her to you. Do guide her well in your journey &mdash; this is, after all, also the work of a Yasnapati.
:'''Sorush:''' I do not intend to be lectured by you, Pale Floater...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, don't be like that! You gotta listen to your teachers, y'know? Still, Zurvan, you say it like we won't meet again or something.
:'''Zurvan:''' Well, you don't intend to stay here with me, do you? You humans are all like that. You will never stop to settle down.
:{{DIcon}} We will return.
:{{DIcon}} We will meet again.
:'''Zurvan:''' Haha! Well, I'm afraid I shan't believe you. This isn't my first time hearing such words.
:'''Zurvan:''' Speaking of which, I wonder how that masked swordsman is now... If you see him, do say hello to him for me.
:'''Zurvan:''' You are both travelers, after all. I'm certain your paths will cross.
:'''Zurvan:''' Alright, alright, go off to where you need to be. Don't miss me too much now.
<!-- Quest series completes at this point -->
----
;(Talk to Katheryne in Sumeru)
:'''Paimon:''' We're back, Katheryne!
:'''Katheryne:''' Welcome back. I've received notice from the Akademiya that you were able to successfully solve the problem posed by that strange celestial sign. Very impressive.
:'''Katheryne:''' I'll say that you exceeded expectations on this count.
:'''Paimon:''' What? Paimon thought you said we were the best choice for this job.
:'''Paimon:''' Or do you just say that to literally everyone?
:'''Katheryne:''' Well, of course not. I believed you could do it.
:'''Katheryne:''' Ah, yes. We did ask you to contact the Nagarjunites previously. Were they of any help to you, I wonder?
:{{DIcon}} It's a bit complicated...
:{{DIcon}} You could say so, sort of...
:'''Katheryne:''' It seems that things got complicated.
:'''Katheryne:''' However, it is all ultimately a part of your adventures, and experience is itself an irreplaceable treasure.
:'''Katheryne:''' Since you've managed to successfully finish that commission, the Guild should now have permission to investigate those Khaenri'ahn ruins. If any related commissions do come up, you'll also get first priority in our considerations.
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, we've come all this way, but we still don't know who our commissioner was!
:'''Katheryne:''' Well... The Adventurers' Guild is obligated to keep the identities of those who submit commissions confidential. As such, I'm afraid I cannot reveal that to you.
:'''Katheryne:''' However, the person who gave us that token did claim to have been a [[Aryadeva|light novelist]].
:'''Paimon:''' A light novelist? Wait a moment. Didn't we hear that there was this Skeptic elder...
:'''Katheryne:''' Hmm, it does look like you do know something about this, but well, that has nothing to do with the Guild. Either way, the remuneration from the Akademiya is here with me. Please, feel free to take it.
<!-- Quest completes here -->
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/xNxiJBgocwM?t=350
|caption1 = The Hymn of Tir Yazad Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=The Hymn of Tir Yazad (Part 1)}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}