{{Stub|Add heart changes}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19076
|image         = Hangout Event The First Ideal.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaveh
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Pendulum of Weal and Woe
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alhaitham; Kaveh; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Akademiya]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = Past Mementos
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The First Ideal''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Pendulum of Weal and Woe}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the House of Daena
# Take a walk nearby
# Talk to Kaveh and Alhaitham
# Follow Kaveh to Port Ormos
# Follow Kaveh to the desert
# Clear out the nearby Primal Constructs {{Enemy List|Primal Construct: Reshaper*2;Primal Construct: Prospector*1}}
# Listen to Kaveh's thoughts

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 6, Kaveh will join the team as a trial character.
* Reading all three books nearby in the Akademiya after Step 3 will grant the {{Achievement|School Days}}.
* Completing this branch grants the {{Achievement|An Architect's Romanticism}}.

==Trial Character==
{{Transclude|A Whole New Style|Trial Character}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Kaveh decides to put aside his mother's notebook for now. You agree to take a walk around with him.}}
===The Temple of Wisdom===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Of all the places in the Akademiya, I remember this one most. When my studies got busy, I used to pull all-nighters here trying to finish my blueprints.
:{{DIcon}} You sound like you almost miss it.
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Heh, who doesn't miss their time at the Akademiya? Life was a lot simpler then, and we all had far less troubles.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I created many designs that I thought were beautiful in the House of Daena. I drew whatever came to mind, since I didn't have to care about budget constraints, or turning them into reality.
:{{DIcon}} Why did you like to draw in the House of Daena?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmm, if I had to give a reason... It'd probably be because I like the ambiance here?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The Akademiya also had a rule that allowed scholars to annotate any physical books they came across. As a result, the books here are chock-full of scholars' wisdom across many generations.

;(While walking with Kaveh)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Here, this is a great example. This book, "History of Ancient Sumeru Architecture," contains some analysis that I did many years ago.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh? Why is Alhaitham's handwriting also in here? When did he ever read this book?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, I guess it's probably from when we worked on that research project together. Anyway, he probably never cared to tell you this, but the House of Daena is where Alhaitham and I first met.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I came here to do my homework, and saw him sitting by himself next to that row of bookshelves. A group of Haravatat scholars were chatting near him, but he looked as if he was too lazy to join them. There was a pretty stark difference between him and all the rest of them.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It was my fault for feeling bad for him. I thought he must have gotten into some kind of trouble, and went over to ask if he needed anything, not realizing that&mdash;
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907601 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Not realizing that you were in fact the one in a whole heap of trouble?
<!-- automatic transition from walking -->
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alhaitham!? Why are you here?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The House of Daena is a public space. Anyone can come here, no?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But shouldn't you be at the records room at this hour? You're not here hoping to see me make a fool of myself, are you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You think I would derive amusement from watching you fall into depression over your life's various troubles? If that's the case, then I suppose I must have been entertaining myself for years.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I came here to pick up a few files. If your voice hadn't managed to get through my soundproof earpieces, I probably wouldn't have noticed you.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, alright, I admit I was probably overreacting just now.
:{{DIcon}} Well, want to continue the story?
:{{DIcon}} I want to know what happened next.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Uh, probably not when he's right here with us. As his senior, I shouldn't try to tarnish his reputation.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There was nothing embarrassing or shameful about it.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' When I was still a student at the Akademiya, I once collaborated with Kaveh on a research project. A collaboration is usually beneficial for all parties, but due to issues with our personalities, we ended up going our separate ways before completing the project.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We had a number of differences, and they remain unresolved even today, but there's no point going into that right now.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The more important question is why are you at the House of Daena?
:{{DIcon}} Kaveh's feeling a little...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ahem! As a senior scholar, isn't it my responsibility to offer my friend a quick tour and explanation of the Akademiya's architecture?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I see, then let me guess, your next stop will be the pavilions around Razan Garden? Our famed architect sure loves showing off that corner to all his friends.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Oh, and Kaveh, a lot of the books you annotated have been moved to the innermost section of that bookshelf over there. You'll have to dig them out yourself if you need to find them.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh? But why would you know that? Don't tell me you've finally had an epiphany, and realized that there's great virtue in respecting your elders' work...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Sure, if that will give you some self-confidence.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Leave any words of thanks you may have to the ex-Grand Conservator. The last time he was here, he was complaining that he had received reports from current students &mdash; the main grievance being that "the annotations are too long and difficult to read."
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As a result, the books you annotated have been moved to the back shelves.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What!? But all of my annotations were extremely important... Instead of reporting me, they should have been thanking me for my service! The notes that I took... They couldn't have asked for a better analysis of those books!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Okay, just you wait, I'm going to fix this right now. I'll dig all the books out, and return them to the proper shelves!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Heh. Oh, we'll wait.
:{{DIcon}} Waiting is about all we can do...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Anyway, you were about to say he's feeling a bit down?
:{{DIcon}} He was put through the wringer recently by a particularly difficult client.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' "Put through the wringer" &mdash; what an interesting phrase. I assume he used those exact words himself.
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't seem far from the truth, though.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' He probably did suffer quite a bit, that's true. He always spends a lot of time editing his proposals, with the goal of satisfying as many of the client's preferences as possible.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But the satisfaction of one client will not translate to general satisfaction with his work. Many problems in life can only be solved by a fundamental change of attitude. As the leading genius of Kshahrewar, Kaveh should have both the right and the confidence to reject any unreasonable demands.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There are plenty of architects in Sumeru who are inferior to him in skill, yet far more irascible in temperament. What's more, there are plenty of people who look up to such individuals as paragons of "staying true to one's principles."
:{{DIcon}} So, the problem is with Kaveh...?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Clearly, his predicament is inevitable, since he holds other people's feelings as more important than his own.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Of course, each person is different, and we should respect the paths that they have chosen for themselves.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Admonitions will serve no purpose. People tend to succumb to familiar pitfalls, and this is especially true for those who believe it's their duty to carry more burdens on their shoulders.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Looks like you were having an enjoyable chat while I was gone. Were you talking about me by any chance?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' What do you think?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmph, what else is there to talk about? Surely, no one would be interested in talking about the files that you were browsing through earlier.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Anyway, you should take a look at this! Look at this comment on page eighty-two: "Dear Kaveh, thank you so much for annotating this book in such detail. It was a great help to me!"
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' See that? Now that's how a student should treat their seniors!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' And it looks like you're already in a much better mood now. It really doesn't take much to make you happy, huh.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Me? Happy? I'm mocking that retired blockhead for being so full of himself! He understands nothing about the true beauty of architecture! When I can find some time, I'll have a serious talk with him about making sure these books are put where they belong.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Why don't you just move all the books yourself? It's not like he hasn't cursed you out before. What was that nickname he gave you while you were in the Akademiya? "The Urchin of Kshahrewar"?
:{{DIcon}} Wait, what?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Kaveh had a habit of scribbling and writing in all kinds of books.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hey...! You didn't need to bring that up! At least not when I'm still standing here!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh, actually, I also found a really old sketch in one of the books over there. See? Doesn't it remind you of something?
:{{DIcon}} An arch bridge?
:{{DIcon}} I don't really get it...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 26.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' ...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh? Don't tell me even you don't get it.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 27.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hmm? Don't ask me. This is the time you specifically put aside to brag about yourself. Feel free to hoard all the spotlight you want.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You... Ahem, in that case, allow me to explain. Although this sketch is a little abstract, you can plainly see from the road plans that this was an original concept for the expansion of Port Ormos.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 28.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We can also plainly see that the designer was a huge fan of this project. It's the project he loves to talk about the most, second to the Palace of Alcazarzaray.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If I don't keep bringing up the neat projects that I've done, how would anyone know that I was the one who did them in the first place?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' There shouldn't be any complaints about Port Ormos... If I remember correctly, the construction process was very smooth, everything was made ready ahead of time, and there were very few safety concerns.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 29.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' There are indeed no records of any complaints about this project. A most impressive achievement.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 20.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' See? What did I tell you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 21.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' C'mon, let's take a stroll through Port Ormos next! I'll tell you all about the designs I made for the place!
:{{DIcon}} Are you going to come too, Alhaitham?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 alhaitham 30.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No need. It's almost time to clock out for the day, and I don't intend on bringing any unfinished work home.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907603 kaveh 22.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmph, suit yourself, it's not like you know how to appreciate artistry anyway. Let's go, {{Traveler}}. I'll take you to Port Ormos.

;(Read Almanac of Avidya Forest's Avians, optional)
:'''Almanac of Avidya Forest's Avians:''' (The almanac contains information on all kinds of avian species in the Avidya Forest, with notes on their natural behavior and conservation status.)
:'''Almanac of Avidya Forest's Avians:''' (A number of corrections have been made to the listed figures. Judging from the handwriting, they must have been pretty recent.)

;(Read Evolution of Ancient Literature, optional)
:'''Evolution of Ancient Literature:''' (A brand-new volume. Seems like very few people have been interested in reading it.)
:'''Evolution of Ancient Literature:''' (There are almost no annotations in the book, but the daring speculation made by the original author has been unceremoniously crossed out by a reader.)

;(Read "Graphical Illustrations of Ancient Architecture," optional)
:'''"Graphical Illustrations of Ancient Architecture":''' (Upon opening the book, you are greeted by a series of beautiful illustrations.)
:'''"Graphical Illustrations of Ancient Architecture":''' (Next to the lovely images are some notes in equally gorgeous handwriting. The commentary is extremely thorough, and appears to be even more professional than the book's original contents.)
{{Dialogue End}}

===Successes and Regrets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked area in Port Ormos)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Port Ormos...
:{{DIcon}} Did you design one of the buildings here?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' No, I didn't design any one specific building. Most of my work here concerned structural renovation.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Port Ormos had already existed since I was still a young child. It wasn't as large as it is now, though &mdash; it only came to its current size after a sizable expansion. I was part of that project.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The arch bridge over there, for example... That was one of my designs.
:{{DIcon}} How did you come up with the idea for it?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' When I was first tasked with the project, I decided to reference the growth patterns of nearby trees to split Port Ormos into two levels. My goal was to improve the overall utilization of space.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' We ran into a lot of issues during construction, but thankfully, we were still able to achieve the original vision.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Residents can now behold all the ships entering and leaving the harbor from the vantage point of the bridge, while visitors can recognize the sight of Port Ormos from a long ways away.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I was still young and new to the trade back then... I could hardly believe that an idea in my head had become reality, and remain in the world for many years to come.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The true cornerstone of the creative process... The point about the design that will be ultimately used to judge its true worth. It was the first time that it became crystal clear in my mind.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Once built, a building will continue to stand. Countless people will see it, and countless more will step inside it. Its final worth &mdash; whether it's "good" or "bad" &mdash; will be assessed by the countless generations of people that interact with the building during their lives.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure the residents of Port Ormos really enjoy it.
:{{DIcon}} I think it's pretty cool.
;(+2 Hearts)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You think so? I'm glad to hear that. But even with this project, I still had one small regret.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' My budget was tight, and I was unable to use the higher-quality timber I had originally intended for the design. I knew that some concessions on aesthetics would be needed because I agreed to a proposal that prioritized the practical functions of the project.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Us creative types know better than anyone that most projects cannot be completed without a few regrets. Even the Palace of Alcazarzaray is not perfect.
:{{DIcon}} But having no regrets would also mean you had no higher hopes for the future.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yeah, you're right... I should learn to look toward future opportunities, and believe that any regrets I have can be overcome in time.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' We've spent long enough here. There's still one last place I want to go, but it's a little far... Would you be interested in a quick trip to the desert?
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't mind.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Great. Most of my projects over the last few years have had something to do with the desert, partially because there's a special place there that I often visit.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' This is a rare opportunity, so why don't you come along and see it for yourself?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907604 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If you ever feel down, maybe you'll be able to go there and feel better, too.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Desert Sanctum===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(At [[The Dune of Magma]])
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907605 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Who would have thought that so many Primal Constructs could have congregated here while I was gone...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907605 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' We won't be able to sit and talk peacefully with these guys around. Let's clear the area.

;(After clearing out the enemies)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Isn't this place great? I often come here to clear my mind when I'm dealing with a difficult situation.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You know what I mean... everyone finds themselves in frustrating situations once in a while.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Just take me as an example. My family life got shaken up quite a bit when I was young, I struggled in school, and I got into a huge pile of debt building the Palace of Alcazarzaray...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Although Alhaitham thinks that it's because of my personality that I continue to live in the shadow of the past, I think it's also just a part of life... Plus, if I look back, I've honestly had my fair share of good luck as well.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You could probably say I've followed in the path of my mother. Like her, I've gained a name for myself as an architect, built something that's seen as my magnum opus, and found many projects that others have entrusted to me to finish.
:{{DIcon}} You also haven't completely lost your passion for life.
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Life is too boring when you live with no enthusiasm and passion. Only those who believe in the inherent meaning of it can capture the small nuances of everyday life, and turn them into inspiration for beautiful designs.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Of course, I will concede that loving something also means taking it to heart, so to an extent, caring is also a source of pain. If I didn't love my work, I wouldn't be so torn up about it all the time.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...But still, isn't this place beautiful? Despite the erosion from the winds and changing seasons, you can still perceive its past beauty and glory.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' With different landforms come different architectural styles. The desert's history has left it with few records regarding its buildings, so I often visit the desert to investigate things in person.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The sight here has moved me ever since the first time I laid my eyes on it. I told myself that one day, I would also be able to create buildings that move others.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' My pain will one day fade into nothing just as I reach the end of my life, but buildings are different.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' They are far more valuable than most materialistic things, and far more durable than human flesh. As long as there remain souls in the world who can decipher the meaning behind them, they will also have acknowledged me across the vast stream of time.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If you were to ask me what art is, that would be my answer.
:{{DIcon}} Now that's more like the Kaveh I know.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You think so? But I feel I've always been like this.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Remember that question I brought up before? The one about whether I should see art as a divine gift of inspiration from the gods, or as a product of my own existential struggle?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I still haven't found an answer to that yet, but if art wasn't inherently paradoxical and enigmatic, then people probably wouldn't be drawn to it.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Those who pursue art will be unable to avoid the pain that it naturally brings. We'll often be floating on cloud nine one second, and sinking in a mire the next.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'll try gathering my thoughts again once I've found a way to define art in the first place.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907607 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' In any case, thank you so much for listening to everything I had to say.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: Beneath the Stars===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Beneath the Stars
|character       = Kaveh
|act             = 1
|description     = My pain will one day fade into nothing just as I reach the end of my life, but my buildings will endure.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The First Ideal
|zhs     = 最初的理想
|zhs_rm  = Zuìchū de Lǐxiǎng
|zht     = 最初的理想
|zht_rm  = Zuìchū de Lǐxiǎng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 最初の理想
|ja_rm   = Saisho no Risou
|ja_tl   = The First Ideal
|ko      = 최초의 이상
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El primer ideal
|es_tl   = The First Ideal
|fr      = Le premier idéal
|fr_tl   = The First Ideal
|ru      = Старые идеалы
|ru_tl   = The Old Ideals
|th      = อุดมการณ์แรกเริ่ม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lý Tưởng Ban Đầu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das ursprüngliche Ideal
|de_tl   = The Original Ideal
|id      = Impian Awal
|id_tl   = The Initial Dream
|pt      = O Primeiro Acordo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İlk Hayal
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il primo ideale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[es:El primer ideal]]
[[vi:Lý Tưởng Ban Đầu]]