{{Stub}}
{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Memories Flowing With Color Act III.png
|type           = Story
|group          = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter        = Memories Flowing With Color
|actNum         = III
|character      = Citlali
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter V]]: Act V - [[Incandescent Ode of Resurrection]]
}}
'''''The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors''''' is the third act of the [[Tribal Chronicles]] [[Memories Flowing With Color]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40, and have completed the {{Quest|Incandescent Ode of Resurrection}}.

==Quests==
# [[A Commission Catches You in Natlan]]
# [[Please, great shaman!]]
# [[Seven-Hued Ruins]]
# [[The Color of Memory]]

==Summary==
;A Commission Catches You in Natlan

The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] enter the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]] tribe and encounter a group of [[Fatui]], learning that the group was hired as bodyguards by [[Montluson]], a [[Fontaine]] merchant working in the publication industry. Montluson explains that he is investigating "the Battle of Seven Colors", an ancient battle against the [[Abyss]] that was only won after the great shaman [[Huitzilin]] supposedly created a special "color" on the battlefield. He attempted to research about the battle in order to publish a new book about it, enlisting the aid of [[Fontaine Research Institute]] researcher [[Allier]]. However, he has not made any breakthroughs. Montluson thus asks the Traveler and Paimon to help him meet Citlali, believing her to have the necessary knowledge given her longer lifespan. The Traveler and Paimon agree to help Montluson considering that his investigation may potentially help with the task entrusted to them by Elder [[Tlapo]].

The group heads over to Citlali's [[Citlali's Home|home]]. The Traveler and Paimon knock on her door, only to be met with a slightly hungover Citlali. Upon realization, she quickly slams the door in their faces before allowing them to come inside. They enter to discover a messy living space, to which Citlali attempts to justify with somewhat limited success. Citlali and the Traveler also realize that after Citlali had previously used a spell to transfer her senses, she can now hear the Traveler's thoughts. They brush the issue aside to discuss Montluson's request. She initially declines, but reconsiders after learning that Elder Tlapo had appointed the Traveler and Paimon to carry out her tribe's special task. As Citlali mulls it over, she is rudely interrupted by [[Grudoc]]'s impatience. She stomps outside and scolds Montluson for interrupting her discussion with the Traveler. However, her interest is piqued after Montluson mentions the Battle of Seven Colors. She concedes and agrees to help, but only for the Traveler's sake.
----

;Please, great shaman!

As Montluson and Allier continue to question other tribal members, Paimon asks Citlali why she seems overall indifferent. She explains that she had only heard about the battle, with Huitzilin giving very few details. This surprises Paimon as Montluson described Citlali and Huitzilin to be close friends. In reality, Citlali explains that their dynamic was more akin to archrivals which has continued on to the present day &mdash; for instance, students from Huitzilin's school of shamanism must last long enough against Citlali in a battle before they can graduate. Given their rivalry, Citlali states that Huitzilin's actions in the Battle of Seven Colors are the only achievement that surpasses those of hers, making it understandable why Huitzilin did not give Citlali much information about it. As Citlali mulls over the other issue of being able to hear the Traveler's thoughts, Montluson interrupts them to help with an argument.

They head over to find [[Atihk]] and [[Badru]] disputing the legitimacy of the Battle of Seven Colors. Citlali suggests approaching students from Huitzilin's school who may be keeping Huitzilin's technique as a secret, but she worries that her unexpected presence may drive them away. She agrees to go after the Traveler reassures her that he will also be present. The Traveler, Paimon and Citlali enter the [[Sacrificial Altar of Enigmatic Land|Sacrificial Altar]], finding some shamans conducting a ceremony. The shamans begin to grow anxious, but are reassured by the Traveler and Paimon. They try asking about Huitzilin's technique, but they misconstrue Citlali's intentions due to the trauma she had inflicted on them. They agree to answer her questions after Elder Tlapo's reassurance and tribal chief [[Biram]]'s insistence. Upon questioning, the shamans insist that they have never heard of Huitzilin's special technique, though they suggest approaching the family of another shaman who may have had inherited the technique.

The group goes to see [[Etchemin]]. He reveals that his family had heard a different version of the story of the Battle of Seven Colors, suggesting that it was held in a location then known as the Chicomostoc Cave. Citlali explains that in the present day, Chicomostoc Cave is now known as The Valley of Fog. This breakthrough excites Montluson, who suggests rewarding Citlali. Paimon suggests securing some out-of-print light novels for Citlali, which excites her. She names two titles, but Montluson fails to recognize then despite them being supposedly popular across [[Teyvat]]. They ignore this and instead break for the day as it is already the evening and Citlali refuses to work through the night.

Citlali brings the Traveler and Paimon to her hot air balloon near the tribe. She tries fixing the mind-reading issue to no success. Paimon suggests making light of the situation by teasing the Traveler, though Citlali feels that she lacks confidence in social interaction to do so and would rather be alone. Citlali explains that due to her longer lifespan, she outlives almost everyone that she knows which becomes emotionally taxing on her. This discourages her from making friends. The Traveler explains their own approach, which is to treasure every memory they have of those around them, allowing them to "continue" living on. This leaves Citlali deep in thought before she decides to go home instead.

----

;Seven-Hued Ruins

The group meets up the next day, and Citlali brings them to the entrance to the cave where the Abyss had invaded. Inside, they encounter different puzzles involving colored spheres, which Citlali says is similar to Huitzilin's technique. They pass through one such wall and end up in a different dimension that Citlali calls a "realm of memory". They hear Huitzilin's voice that describes the relationship between memories and color, hinting the need to use both to navigate through the dimension. After reaching the exit of the dimension's maze, the group end up in a room with a sphere that appears to contain the dimension within it. Montluson suggests getting closer to the sphere, though Citlali denies his request. She quickly signals to the Traveler who blocks Grudoc's attempt to damage the sphere.

Citlali explains that she had seen through Montluson's deception ever since he failed to recognize the two light novel titles she had mentioned previously. Montluson begins to reveal his true intentions. He explains that he thought he had managed to invent a brand new dye, which had the potential to boost his printing company to become the largest in all of Teyvat. He tried to send out an advertisement, but his request was turned by [[Otila]] who told him that a similar dye was already observed in a Natlan woven scroll dating back hundreds of years. Angry, Montluson reveals that he intends to destroy any piece of evidence that the Battle of Seven Colors took place, including the sphere in front of the group. The Traveler and Citlali prepare to take Montluson down, but are confronted by the group of Fatui bodyguards who reveal that they are subordinates of the Fatui Harbinger [[Pantalone]] who was interested in disrupting Fontaine's economy. They engage the Traveler and Citlali in a fight.

Grudoc and his men are then defeated by the Traveler and Citlali. Seeing how troublesome the situation has become, Grudoc attempts to evade capture by throwing a polearm at the sphere. This transports everyone back into the dimension, save for Montluson and Allier. Inside, the Traveler notices the special color and begins to follow it. Elsewhere, Citlali hears the voice of Huitzilin's consciousness. She tries asking Huitzilin for help, though the latter says she is of little help. Huitzilin explains that the maze the group previously encountered used the memories of many different Natlanese warriors; these memories formed connections which she was able to use with her special color to create the maze. However, Citlali is unable to manipulate the dimension in a similar way due to her lack of connections. Resigned to her fate, Citlali asks Huitzilin why she had actually passed on her special technique to her and not her own students. Huitzilin reveals that passing on the technique was a way to "tint" another person's memories; refusing to end up as a blank canvas in Citlali's memories, Huitzilin decided to pass on the technique to Citlali so as to leave her own color behind.

Citlali tries separating the color of her memories and save the Traveler and Paimon, despite running the risk of losing some of her own memories. However, she hears the Traveler's thoughts nearby. Huitzilin explains that due to the Traveler's special constitution and connection to the [[Night Kingdom]], the Traveler is unknowingly also able to see the color of memories, thus forming a connection with Citlali. Fortunately, the Traveler and Paimon manage to reach Citlali in time. Together, they escape from the maze before the cave collapses. Outside, they encounter Allier who explains that he had no idea of Montluson's malicious intentions. The Traveler, Paimon and Citlali head over to find Montluson detained by Elder Tlapo and a group of Iktomisaurs. The trio then returns to Citlali's home with Elder Tlapo to finish the Traveler's special task.

----

;The Color of Memory

The group finds an incomplete woven scroll in Citlali's basement. As Citlali gazes upon it, she recalls Huitzilin's words. Huitzilin explains that their ancestors decided to record history in colorful woven scrolls as history is linked to the memory of a people. Huitzilin states that she wants to show Citlali her special technique, though she lacks the words to properly explain her reasons for doing so. Citlali accedes.

In the present, Citlali asks Elder Tlapo to help move the woven scroll outside. She completes the coloring, producing a woven scroll of the Traveler and [[Mavuika]] side-by-side. Citlali reveals that she had always been the one weaving the special scrolls, merely using illusions to cover up her involvement. She explains that she did not pass on the technique to anyone else as it involves sharing memories with others, something Citlali had been hesitant to do. She gives the Traveler her [[Citlali's Handkerchief|handkerchief]], hoping that it will serve as both a memory of her and her color. Citlali also explains that her original mind-reading spell had gone haywire due to the connection formed between her and the Traveler when she first shared her senses with them. She assures the Traveler that she can fix the spell, though she can always reinstate the spell if wanted.

The Traveler and Paimon return to chief Biram to explain what had happened while keeping Citlali's involvement a secret. Biram thanks the Traveler for their assistance, and also states that the tribe will be working with the Fontainian authorities to deal with Montluson. Afterwards, the Traveler and Paimon go to meet up with Citlali. They are then stopped by Allier, who says that he wishes to interview Citlali and she agrees. After Allier leaves, Citlali prepares to go back home to rest. Before she goes, she asks the Traveler to grab the light novels she had previously wanted and gives them the [[Citlali's Handkerchief and Key|keys to her home]].

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|type=Act}}
<!--
==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors|requirements=1}}
--><!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Truth of the Battle of Seven Colors
|zhs      = 七彩之战的真相
|zhs_rm   = Qīcǎi zhī Zhàn de Zhēnxiàng
|zht      = 七彩之戰的真相
|zht_rm   = Qīcǎi zhī Zhàn de Zhēnxiàng
|zh_tl    = Truth of Battle of Seven Colors
|ja       = 七彩の戦いの真相
|ja_rm    = Shichisai no Tatakai no Shinsou
|ja_tl    = Truth of Battle of Seven Colors
|ko       = 일곱 빛깔 전쟁의 진실
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = La verdad de la Batalla de los Siete Colores
|es_tl    = The Truth of the Battle of the Seven Colors
|fr       = La vérité sur la Bataille des sept couleurs
|fr_tl    = The Truth About the Battle of Seven Colors
|ru       = Правда о Битве семи цветов
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ความจริงของสงครามเจ็ดสีสัน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Chân Tướng Thất Sắc Chiến
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Die Wahrheit über die Schlacht der sieben Farben
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Kebenaran di Balik Perang Tujuh Warna
|id_tl    = Truth Behind the War of Seven Colors
|pt       = A Verdade da Batalha das Sete Cores
|pt_tl    = The Truth of the Battle of the Seven Colors
|tr       = Yedi Renk Savaşı Hakkındaki Gerçek
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = La verità della Battaglia dei sette colori
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}