{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19006
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Barbara
|actNum        = I
|act           = Wellspring of Healing
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|prev          = The Church's Affairs
|next          = Ulterior Motive...?
|nextNote      = Branch 1
|next2         = Healing Is My Job
|nextNote2     = Branch 2
|characters    = Barbara; Traveler; Uwe
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Second Chilibrew Ingredient''' is the second quest of the [[The Church's Affairs]] branch of [[Barbara]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Wellspring of Healing]].

==Steps==
# Look for High-quality Sweet Flowers
# Defeat all opponents
# Talk to Barbara

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|To make some Chilibrew, you prepare to go with [[Barbara]] to the [[Whispering Woods]] to look for some [[Sweet Flower]]s.}}
===The Second Chilibrew Ingredient===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Look for High-quality Sweet Flowers)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Here we are! The Sweet Flowers growing here are some of the highest quality.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I often pick them here, but... why are there so many monsters around?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Huh, let's take care of them first, then we can look for Sweet Flowers in the vicinity.

;(Talk to Barbara)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Whew... I guess that takes care of them.
:{{DIcon}} Piece of cake.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' You truly are the Honorary Knight, you barely broke a sweat.
:{{DIcon}} Think I slipped a disc.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' More than a few monsters, but you made it look easy.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ah! S&mdash;Stop right there, looks like you hurt yourself... On your arm there!
:{{DIcon}} Barely a graze, nothing to worry about.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' No no no, even a graze can turn into a wound of unimaginable evil if you let it.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Wait just a second, I'll have it healed in no time.
:'''''Barbara begins to heal the Traveler...'''''
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' That should do it. Okay, let's have a look for these Sweet Flowers.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 01.ogg}} '''???:''' H&mdash;Hello there... Excuse me, but aren't you the Deaconess of the Church of Favonius?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...Yes, I am... Are you alright?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Praise the Archons! Please, can you heal me?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 03.ogg}} '''???:''' I'm a... I'm a Hunter, from Springvale! I was attacked by monsters when I passed through here.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 04.ogg}} '''???:''' I was lucky to have escaped, but please &mdash; won't you heal me?
:{{DIcon}} You're not... dressed like a hunter.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 05.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' I... decided to do some private hunting today &mdash; so I just threw on any old thing...
:{{DIcon}} The leader of the Springvale hunters... what's their name again?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 06.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Leader... leader... That's gotta be, um... Is this a trick question...?
:{{DIcon}} Springvale's quite a distance away... What is it you're hunting out here?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 07.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Forest boar! I'm hunting forest boar! Hahaha, when you think about it, isn't life just one big forest boar hunt...?
:{{DIcon}} You're dressed a bit like a Treasure Hoarder...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 08.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Treasure who now? *cough* Don't be silly! Would a Treasure Hoarder get injured and then stop a couple of passers&mdash;by begging to be healed...?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 09.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Bah! Don't be ridiculous... Me? A Treasure Hoarder?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 10.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' L&mdash;Look here, aren't these monster injuries? How could I have done this to myself?
:{{DIcon}} Well then, let's head to Springvale and see if we can't find out your identity...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 11.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' How can you be so heartless!? How could I make the journey with all these terrible injuries!?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 12.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Hmph, it's no wonder, looking at you... you adventurers are all alike, suspicious by nature...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 13.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Sister Deaconess, you believe me right? Heal me, I beg of you...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Yes, I will heal you.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh... His wounds look difficult to heal. I'll need some herbs... Can you watch him for me?
:{{DIcon}} ...No problem. See what you can find, I'll take care of him.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Okay, I'm going to look for some Small Lamp Grass in the area.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Please stay with him, and make sure no monsters get to him.
::{{DIcon}} I'll go with you, this fellow could do with some monster-hiding practice.
::{{DIcon}} It's too dangerous to go alone, let's go together. This fellow should be able to look after himself.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 14.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' You...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 15.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Hmph... fine. Heartless adventurer...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 16.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' I'll stay hidden, Sister Deaconess, but please be back soon, I beg of you!
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' We'll be back soon, don't worry.
:;(Continue to [[Healing Is My Job]])
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, Barbara. He's a suspicious character, we should take him to see the Knights first.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh... uh... okay. But I should heal him first...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 17.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Wait a minute... Y'know, I'm suddenly feeling a lot better. Where was I...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 18.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' Uh, Sister Deaconess... I should be going. I won't be needing your healing today, thank you.
::{{DIcon}} Sir, stop where you are.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 19.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' ...But w&mdash;we're done here, no? Is there a problem? I&mdash;I haven't done anything...
::{{DIcon}} We just want to get you healed at the Church is all. What's the matter, shy?
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 20.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' What's your problem? You're not making any sense! I just asked to be healed, is there some law against that?
::{{DIcon}} I'm just a humble Honorary Knight, no need to get excited... Take a walk with me.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900601 uwe 21.ogg}} '''Uwe:''' You think I'm afraid of you? If you wanna catch me, you better be up to the task!
:;(Continue to [[Ulterior Motive...?]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Second Chilibrew Ingredient
|zhs     = 辣味饮料的原料之二
|zhs_rm  = Là Wèi Yǐnliào de Yuánliào zhī Èr
|zht     = 辣味飲料的原料之二
|zht_rm  = Là Wèi Yǐnliào de Yuánliào zhī Èr
|zh_tl   = The Spicy Drink's Second Ingredient
|ja      = スパイシードリンクの材料その二
|ja_rm   = Supaishii Dorinku no Zairyou Sono Ni
|ja_tl   = Spicy Drink Ingredient Number Two
|ko      = 매운 음료의 원재료・두 번째
|ko_rm   = Mae'un Eumryo-ui Wonjaeryo - Du Beonjjae
|ko_tl   = Spicy Drink Raw Materials - The Second
|es      = El segundo ingrediente de la bebida picante
|es_tl   = The Second Spicy Drink Ingredient
|fr      = Grog pimenté, 2e ingrédient
|fr_tl   = Spicy {{w|Grog}}, 2nd Ingredient
|ru      = Второй ингредиент пряного напитка
|ru_tl   = The Second Spicy Drink Ingredient
|th      = ส่วนประกอบที่สองของ Chilibrew
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Second Chilibrew Ingredient
|vi      = Thành phần thứ hai của Đồ Uống Cay
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die zweite Zutat für Chili-Gebräu
|de_tl   = The Second Chilibrew Ingredient
|id      = Bahan Ke-2 Chilibrew
|id_tl   = The Second Chilibrew Ingredient
|pt      = O Segundo Ingrediente da Bebida Picante
|pt_tl   = The Second Ingredient of the Spicy Beverage
|tr      = İkinci Acılı İçecek Malzemesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il secondo ingrediente della Chilibirra
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:スパイシードリンクの材料その二]]