{{Event
|name              = The Promise of a Worldly Journey
|image             = The Promise of a Worldly Journey.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-05-24 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-06-20 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/18749950
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20230524invite-8t5f0y/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Dear Travelers,<br>Welcome your friends to explore Teyvat and complete the relevant quests for a chance to get a 5,000 USD travel fund and make some precious memories together as you adventure!}}
'''The Promise of a Worldly Journey''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.7]].

==Event Duration==
Event Duration: May 24, 2023 – June 20, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Address Entry Duration: May 24, 2023 – June 27, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Event Description==
# During the event, Travelers can earn prize coupons by inviting other new and returning Travelers. (New and returning Travelers will unlock this function after they accept the invite)
# Spending prize coupons will give Travelers a chance to draw rewards like Primogems, Acquaint Fates, Genshin Impact Merchandise, or Sony Cameras. Every coupon allows for one reward draw.
# New and returning Travelers can earn prize coupon rewards by accepting their invites in the web page and beginning new and returning Traveler exclusive web page quests after claiming their rewards. (Web page quest will be initiated by default for active Travelers)
# Complete the web event to get a great deal of coupons, with daily and weekly refreshable quests having respective renewal times at 4:00AM daily and the 4:00AM weekly on Wednesday based on server's clock. (The displayed web quests for Travelers with different account statuses will also be different).
# After using the prize coupon to draw 5, 10, and 20 times, Travelers will get a Travel Fund prize draw code upon hitting each threshold. On June 29, 2023, 3 lucky Travelers will be chosen to each get a 5,000 USD Travel Fund.
# This event only is only available for a single UID. When a UID accepts an invitation or claims a reward, other UIDs under the same account will not be able to participate in the event.
# Travelers can only use their HoYoverse account to invite their friends. If Travelers invite their own HoYoverse accounts, or if they commit any other acts of falsification to game the invitation data, the rewards they have received will be canceled and reclaimed.

==Reward Details==
5,000 USD Travel Funds (×3 in total)<br>
Sony ZV-E10 Camera ×1 (×10 in total)<br>
PS5 ×1 (×30 in total)<br>
Mechanical Keyboard ×1 (×50 in total)<br>
Redmi AirDots 3 Pro Genshin Impact Edition ×1 (×200 in total)<br>
Genshin Impact Merchandise (Random) ×1 (×50 in total)<br>
Acquaint Fate ×1 (×500 in total)<br>
Primogems ×60 (×5,000 in total)<br>
Mora ×20,000<br>
Hero's Wit ×3<br>
Mystic Enhancement Ore ×5<br>
Sweet Madame ×2

==New Travelers==
# Registration takes place after May 24, 2023 11:00 (UTC+8)
* When new Travelers concurrently meet the criteria for being classified as Returning Travelers, they will still be classified as new Travelers

==Returning Travelers==
# Adventure Rank 10 or above
# At least 15 days since last game login
# The last time that the player activated "Stellar Reunion" was over 45 days ago (not including the day of activation)
# If "Stellar Reunion" has already been activated, players who activated after May 24, 2023 11:00 (UTC+8) will be regarded as Returning Travelers

==Delivery Address and Reward Distribution==
# If you win a merchandise prize, press the Enter Address button on the popup message and provide your personal contact details.
# If you did not press the Enter Address button on the popup message when you won the prize, you can open My Rewards to view the details of your prizes won and provide your contact details.
# You can only provide your address and contact details once. After you submit them, you will be unable to edit these details by yourself. If incorrect details are submitted due to factors beyond your control, please contact Customer Service before June 27, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8) to confirm before amending your details. To do this, please send an email to genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com with the following subject line: The Promise of a Worldly Journey - Amend Address.
# Travelers who have won physical prizes should fill in their accurate delivery address before June 27, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8). Failure to fill in the delivery address in time will be deemed to be a forfeiture of the reward. The prizes being shipped can be subject to customs duties in accordance with local policies. In such cases, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# The estimated time for physical prizes delivery will be within 90 business days after the event has ended. The event organizer will contact the winners and notify them of the relevant shipment information in a timely manner after dispatching the prizes. The actual arrival time is dependent on the actual logistics situation.
# The event organizer will bear the logistics delivery costs of the physical prizes. If tariffs, personal taxes, and other related taxes are incurred due to local policies, winners should declare and bear the relevant tax obligations according to the policies of their country or region. Please refer to the laws and regulations and tax policies of your country or region.
# Cash type rewards are not suited for Australia's capital territories, Italy, Quebec Canada, Portugal, and Türkiye where cash raffles are illegal.

==Things to Note==
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Prize winners are required to provide relevant personal information (the specific scope of collection is based on the information filling page) to ensure that merchandise prizes can be distributed in good time. Your personal information will be used for the sole purpose of mailing merchandise prizes won during this event. If our intended use of your personal information changes in any way, we will first contact prize winners to request their consent to the change. If a prize winner does not submit the requested personal information, it will not be possible to issue their prize. We will ensure that prize winners' personal information is not obtained or used by any unauthorized third parties.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.<br>https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/privacy
# If you are a minor, please obtain permission from your legal guardian before participating.
# If you have any questions about this web event, please contact us via email at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com.
# This event is hosted by HoYoverse. References to third party organizations are for informational and identification purposes only, and are not intended to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with HoYoverse or the event.
*Feel free to share in the comments your invitation codes and invitations links~

==Guide to Accepting Invitations for New Players==
Step 1: Register for a HoYoverse account (You can do this on the "The Promise of a Worldly Journey" event page)<br>
Step 2: Download and install Genshin Impact<br>
Step 3: Log in to Genshin Impact and create your character (You have to create a nickname)<br>
Step 4: Return to the "The Promise of a Worldly Journey" event page and log in to the server where you just created a character in<br>
Step 5: Enter the invitation code or click on "Accept Invitation" to receive your Greeting Gift

Dear Travelers, the Prize Coupon codes that have won a 5,000 USD travel fund in "The Promise of a Worldly Journey" event are [10048612179], [10047138216], and [10049475759]. The winners will be contacted via email as well as a message in HoYoLAB.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Promise of a Worldly Journey
|zhs     = 尘世巡游之约
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 塵世巡遊之約
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 浮世を巡り歩く約束
|ja_rm   = Ukiyo wo Meguriaruku Yakusoku
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 속세 순유의 약속
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Un periplo terrenal
|es_tl   = An Earthly Journey
|fr      = Promesse d'un voyage autour du monde
|fr_tl   = Promise of a Journey Around the World
|ru      = Встречи в странствиях
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ท่องไปตามคำสัญญา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hẹn Ước Tuần Du Trần Thế
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Versprechen einer Weltreise
|de_tl   = Promise of a World Trip
|id      = Janji untuk Mengelilingi Dunia
|id_tl   = The Promise to Go Around the World
|pt      = Encontro com o Andarilho do Mundo Mortal
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Dünya Turu Vaadi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Viaggio nel mondo mortale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[fr:Promesse d'un voyage autour du monde]]
[[pt-br:Encontro com o Andarilho do Mundo Mortal]]