{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40075
|title         = The Ancient Azure Stars
|image         = Event Quest The Ancient Azure Stars.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = The Ancient Azure Stars
|actNum        = V
|actType       = None
|part          = 2
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Fischl; Kaedehara Kazuha; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Minacious Isle
|prev          = The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 1)
|next          = The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 3)
|domain        = The Ancient Azure Stars (Domain)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Ancient Azure Stars''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the second quest of the fifth part.

==Steps==
# Follow the hint and explore the area
# Return to the mirage and use the shard
#* Enter [[Temple of the Star Latitudes]]'s Quest Domain: [[The Ancient Azure Stars]]
# Solve the astral puzzle
#* The puzzle is towards the northeast
# Follow the strange star
# Enter the pool
# Find the destination of the mirage maze
#* The active character will be restricted to Mona from this step onwards, who can only control movement keys
# Find the mirage's exit
# Talk to everyone

==Dialogue==
<!--{{Quest Description|Talking to herself, Mona is lost in some old memories. Mona has a unique understanding of Astrology. She believes in fate regardless of how others think. With this belief in her heart, she leads everyone to explore the mirage...}}-->
{{Quest Description|Upon hearing the voices deep within her heart, Mona becomes lost in some old memories. She has a unique understanding of Astrology and believes in fate regardless of what others think. With this belief in her heart, she leads everyone to explore the mirage...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After solving the astral puzzle and opening the Exquisite Chest)
:{{A|vo yqeq112 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, there's another star! Let's follow it!

;(Following the star into the pool)
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Astrology reveals the truth unreservedly. But, not everyone is willing to accept their fate.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' No matter. Running into difficulties is part of practicing the craft. I must also become stronger myself in order to convince people.

:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I once met an adventurer on a mountain who also happened to be picking fruits. He was even kind enough to share some with me.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So, in return, I agreed to perform a divination for him.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The results were terrifying. I advised him to give up adventuring as soon as possible, otherwise he could meet his end within the next two years.

;(Upon reaching the invisible maze with a map)
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' He fell silent for a while. Surprisingly, he didn't doubt the results of my divination like others had, but he looked quite perplexed.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Even so... I have to keep going. Adventurers can't just give up in the face of hardship."
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' With that, he picked up his pack and headed for the peak.

;(Follow the star up a set of stairs)
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' However, try as I might, I could never forget that incident.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 2 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Why is that?

----
;(Enter the mirage door)
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're back again!
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' So uh, Mona, is that adventurer... dead now?
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That was the only time I ever saw him. And that was more than three years ago, which means... he's no longer alive.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But isn't there still a chance that he's alive? You know, like maybe you just made a mistake?
:{{DIcon}} But that's not fair.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You can't call it divination if you reject anything bad and believe the good unreservedly. That's just self-deception.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Of course, casually performing divination for fun might be a different matter, but in my field of expertise, there's no room for lies.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' To contradict my own reading would be a blasphemy against astrology.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Cruel, but truthful. Such is fate.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I don't usually say things like this, but while we're on the topic, I really hope you don't confuse astrology with those fortune stick peddlers that you see along the streets.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Astrology does not exist to please. We astrologists are here to verify and witness the truths of this world.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Which is why astrology is a disdained profession! It is a mighty art, but unfortunately one that annoys people nonetheless.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Why dost thou protest so much, Lady Megistus? Thou seemst not to be the sort with whom one would be loathe to be associated.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means is that she's glad to be friends with you.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' No! That was not what I said!
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Whatever has gotten into you, Oz! You misinterpret my utterances with an increasingly alarming frequency!
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Oh my, why could that be? Perhaps I have been concerned that mein Fräulein could offend her friends and have been attempting to soften her words?
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Although you're the only astrologist I know, you've left an awesome impression on me. You're not annoying at all!
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Those who go snooping around for secrets, yet ignore whatever they don't wanna hear? They're the ones who should reflect on themselves. Knowing your fate doesn't come cheap.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If one could simply avoid fate with just a few words, no one would have to endure the pain of parting. Mona, don't take others' comments to heart.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Follow your heart and never forget what's right.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I&mdash;I don't need comforting, thank you very much! I'm very tough, you know!
:{{DIcon}} Then why are your ears red?
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, uh...
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, then... Umm...
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Th&mdash;Thank you.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' What dost thou say? Speak up, and offer your highest reverence and blessings to the Prinzessin.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 xinyan 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Okay, okay, Your Highness... Instead of making a scene, why don't you go collect the other fragments in the new location reflected by the pool? We can't enter the mirage without 'em.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein, you are the only one with eyes sharp enough to locate the secrets.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' If that's the case, very well, I shall proceed to the beach...
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 xinyan 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Let's go, Mona.
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, okay! Coming!
:{{A|vo yqeq112 3 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' ...Haha.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Jd5u1N3nPV8
|caption1 = The Ancient Azure Stars Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 1)|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Estrellas arcaicas (Parte 2)]]
[[ru:Древние лазурные звёзды (Часть 2)]]