{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71818
|type          = World
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete the quests [[Guests in Qingce]], [[Guardians of the Countryside]] and [[Qingce's Lanterns]]
|startLocation = [[Qingce Village]], [[Liyue]]
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|characters    = Jiangcheng; Ms. Bai; Paimon; Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Qingce Village
}}
'''''The Gift of a Lantern''''' is the fourth request in Part III of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the ninth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Ms. Bai]]
# Talk to [[Jiangcheng]]
# Use [[Anemo]] or [[Hydro]] to help Jiangcheng clean the house (0/4)
#Talk to Jiangcheng
#Hang the [[Xiao Lantern]] on the house.
#Talk to Jiangcheng
#Follow Ms. Bai back to the mill
#Give Xiao Lantern materials to Ms. Bai

==Gameplay Notes==
* If all requests are accepted at the same time, this request will not unlock until [[Guardians of the Countryside]] and [[Qingce's Lanterns]] are completed.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ms. Bai]] from [[Qingce Village]] seems to be making some preparations...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ms. Bai)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' How do you do, Traveler? Thanks for your help last time. Qingce Village hasn't been this lively in a while now.
:{{DIcon}} You're most welcome.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' In previous years, only Zhi and I were around, so we could only make the children a few Xiao Lanterns, talk to the old folks about some domestic business, and whip up a few good dishes...
:'''Ms. Bai:''' But with your help, we were able to have a lively Lantern Rite this time.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' But I guess we should look to return to normal now... I should see to the elderly folk in the village. I'm meant to go see Jiangcheng today.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' If you don't mind, could you come along with us?
:{{DIcon}} Lead the way.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Alright. Then let us go to his place first.
----
;(Talk to Jiangcheng)
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Is it you, dear? Are you back?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, you must've mistaken me for someone else...
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Nonsense, I haven't lost my senses... How could I not recognize my own wife...
:'''Jiangcheng:''' I was just telling you that, with such a huge festival just around the corner, maybe we should get some new clothes for our daughter...
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Oh, I see you've brought a guest... A seamstress! Once again, you've read my mind!
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Grandpa Jiangcheng, it's me, Ms. Bai! I brought you some Tofu the other day, surely you haven't forgotten me already?
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Ah... Ms. Bai... Of course I remember you, Ms. Bai! Your father was telling me how proud he is for you not so long ago...
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Eh... When was that? ...Dear, perhaps you remember...
:{{DIcon}} ...I remember.
:{{DIcon}} Of course I do.
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Ha! Just like I said, there's nothing wrong with my memory... And, and...
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Grandpa Jiangcheng, why don't you take some rest? No need to strain yourself...
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Traveler, how about you help Grandpa Jiangcheng clean the house? I'll keep him company in the meantime.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Thank you.

;(Talk to Jiangcheng again)
:'''Jiangcheng:''' It's you, Ms. Bai... Has your father been well?
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Uh... He... He's doing fine. The mill is still very much in business. The city folk from Liyue Harbor often come to the village just to buy our Tofu.
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Haha... Sounds about right! Your father's Tofu is the pride of Qingce Village...
----
;(After cleaning the house)
:'''Paimon:''' This house should pass the white glove test now! Let's go check on Ms. Bai and Grandpa Jiangcheng...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, let's go back and join them.
----
;(Talk to Jiangcheng)
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Dear, come have a word with Ms. Bai... Her father is such a skilled craftsman...
:'''Jiangcheng:''' They sell their Tofu in Liyue Harbor, it's top-quality!
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Right! Ms. Bai, I forgot to ask what brought you here...
:{{DIcon}} We brought you a Xiao Lantern.
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Xiao Lantern... Ah... So considerate. You bring me those each year, Ms. Bai...
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Do you remember, Dear? I used to make great Xiao Lanterns back in the day. Our neighbors liked them so much that they asked me to make some for them, too.
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Xiao Lanterns are so beautiful, they really light up each Lantern Rite... Wait, I'll hang it for you...
:{{DIcon}} Let me hang it up.
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Alright, just be careful. Don't hurt yourself...

;(Talk to Jiangcheng again)
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Xiao Lanterns... Xiao Lanterns... Such a wonderful sight...
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Traveler, could you hang the Xiao Lantern now? I'll look after Grandpa Jiangcheng.
----
;(Talk to Jiangcheng after hanging the Xiao Lantern)
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Did you hang the Xiao Lantern? Truly breathtaking. The upcoming year is bound to be another great one.
:{{DIcon}} It sure will.
:{{DIcon}} Certainly.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Grandpa Jiangcheng, it's time for us to leave now. We still have a few errands to run. I'll visit you again soon.
:'''Jiangcheng:''' I see... Young people like you always have something to do... Can't get a moment's respite...
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
:'''Jiangcheng:''' Ah, sure. Dear... don't forget to look after our land...

;(Talk to Jiangcheng again)
:'''Jiangcheng:''' What a pretty Xiao Lantern! The upcoming year is bound to be as great as this one.
----
;(Talk to Ms. Bai)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I'm really grateful for your help. If I'd gone there on my own, it would've taken me hours to get everything done.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I didn't want to leave Grandpa Jiangcheng on his own right before the festival...
:{{DIcon}} What about you...
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Me... I'm going back to the mill. There's still much work to be done.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I inherited the mill when my father passed away. I left my job at Liyue Harbor to continue the family tradition.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I don't know if it makes sense, but doing the same things he used to do, being in the same environment, it makes me very nostalgic.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I often recall the many things that my father used to tell me, especially during this time of the year...
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Oh, I almost forgot. With Grandpa Jiangcheng on my mind, I didn't make a Xiao Lantern for myself.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' The problem is I didn't leave any spare materials either...
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I'm afraid I won't get everything done in time if I go looking for materials now... Traveler, would you mind collecting some for me?
:{{DIcon}} Not at all.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I really appreciate it.
----
;(Give Xiao Lantern materials to Ms. Bai)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Have you gathered the materials yet?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I have them right here.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Thank you.
:;(After giving the Xiao Lantern materials)
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Thank you so much. I'll make myself a Xiao Lantern later.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' I used to release Xiao Lanterns together with my father. When I'm done making this one, I'll have to release it on my own.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' But I hope... he'll be able to see it.
:{{DIcon}} He definitely will be able to see it.
:{{DIcon}} Happy Lantern Rite.
:'''Ms. Bai:''' Thank you so much. I wish you Happy Lantern Rite.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Gift of a Lantern
|zhs     = 此灯寄何人
|zhs_rm  = Cǐ dēng jì hérén
|zht     = 此燈寄何人
|zht_rm  = Cǐ dēng jì hérén
|zh_tl   = Who Is This Lantern Sent for
|ja      = この灯は誰に
|ja_rm   = Kono akari wa dare ni
|ja_tl   = Who Is This Lantern for
|ko      = 누구에게 보내는 등일까
|ko_rm   = Nuguege Bonaeneun Deung'ilkka
|ko_tl   = Who Is This Lantern Sent for
|es      = ¿Por quién brilla esta linterna?
|es_tl   = For Whom Does This Lantern Shine?
|fr      = À qui ira cette lumière ?
|fr_tl   = To Whom Will This Light Go?
|ru      = Фонарь в подарок
|ru_tl   = Lantern as a Gift
|th      = โคมนี้ของใครกัน?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đèn này gửi gắm ai
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eine Laterne als Geschenk
|de_tl   = A Lantern as a Gift
|id      = Ini Lentera Siapa?
|id_tl   = Whose Lantern is this?
|pt      = Para quem é essa lanterna?
|pt_tl   = To Whom is This Lantern?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[vi:Đèn này gửi gắm ai]]