{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40074
|title         = The Ancient Azure Stars
|image         = Event Quest The Ancient Azure Stars 1.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|act           = The Ancient Azure Stars
|actNum        = V
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters    = Fischl; Kaedehara Kazuha; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Traveler; Xinyan
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|area          = Minacious Isle
|prev          = Immernachtreich Apokalypse (Part 3)
|next          = The Ancient Azure Stars (Part 2)
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Ancient Azure Stars''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. It is the first quest of the fifth part.

==Steps==
# Rest until the following day (06:00 – 24:00)
# Rendezvous with everyone
# Head to [[Minacious Isle]]
#* Enter [[The Ancient Azure Stars]]
# Talk to everyone
# Explore the mirage
# Solve the astral puzzle
# Follow the strange star
# Enter the pool
# Follow the star to the destination
#* The active character will be restricted to Mona from this step onwards, who can only control movement keys<!--same as Kazuha's quest; quest button etc. are disabled-->
# Pass the challenge of the starry sky
#* Avoid being hit more than 30 times
# Talk to everyone
# Enter the mirage door
# Talk to everyone

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Without the need for further divination, everyone heads to the final island in search of the next mirage.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Everyone, over here!
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Is everyone awake now? Mona says that she has something important to tell everyone.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The first glimmering daybreak after the return of the Immernachtreich most certainly revitalizes one's innermost spirits.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' What mein Fräulein means is that she is ready to take on the next challenge.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we're rested and ready too!
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Alright. Then I'll get to the crux of the matter.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I just peeked into my scryglass, and there's a new mirage forming on the island over there.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' And... I have a feeling that this one is my mirage.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, so now it's Mona's turn. You were with us for all of ours, seems like it's time for us to go with you into yours!
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ugh... well, I'm sure there's nothing to see, really.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Lady Megistus, are you embarrassed?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' No, absolutely not! Haha... It's not like I'm worried about everyone judging me after seeing my embarrassingly pathetic mirage or anything...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This emphatic "no" sounds rather like a thinly disguised "yes"...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well... *ahem* Astrologists are often regarded as something out of this world, right? But what if my mirage is nothing like that...?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Fret not. Your Prinzessin is not so foolish as to entertain preconceived notions on how thy mirage should or should not present itself.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 xinyan 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yeah, me neither! Not that I have low expectations of you, Mona, but personally, I think you're a kind soul, and you shouldn't feel like you have to live up to anything more than that.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I'm sure Mona's mirage will stay true to her kind heart.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, and it's not like we're going in there just to do some sightseeing. There's other reasons, too, right?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah. Maybe...
:{{DIcon}} ...we'll find some clues about the unusual phenomena there.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Really? Well, okay then.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 1 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I suppose I'm not worried as long as everyone doesn't get too excited. Alright then, let's get going.
----
;(Approach the marked area on Minacious Isle)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' According to my scryglass, we've arrived at the mirage. Okay, let's find the entrance first...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is that it, over there?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Huh, this looks like some kind of pool.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, we're not gonna have to swim to get in, are we?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Wait, do we have a non-swimmer among us?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' No, I don't think that's the real problem here...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ahaha, someone's scared, huh? Well, then, I'll go first.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' And there she goes! She's gonna show off her oh-so-perfect swimming skills now!
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Ahem! Please be mindful of your wording, mein Fräulein.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ohh! Right!
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' See you later!
:{{A|vo yqeq111 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, Mona dived right into the pool and disappeared! Let's catch up with her!
----
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Without the need for further divination, everyone heads to the final island in search of the next mirage. There, you and the others find a water pool. It seems that this story has something to do with Mona.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter the domain)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' What a spectacular structure...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wow, I've never seen anything like this...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey, uh Mona, your mirage is amazing!
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Though it falls short of the glorious Immernachtreich, one must admit that it is an impressive realm nonetheless, Lady Megistus.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' (Whew, at least it's not showing me getting lectured by the old hag. Thank goodness...)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, what else would you expect of a genius astrologist's mirage?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Okay, let's get started.

;(Interact with the investigation point)
:;(Show tutorial)

;(After unlocking the first door)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! It's open!

;(After opening the Exquisite Chest)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm? There's a star over there...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And now it's gone! Let's follow it!

;(Follow the star into the pool)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It made its way inside!

;(Follow the star in the new area)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I've always been very proud of my talent in astrology.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? What in the... Is that my voice!?

;(Continue following the star)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 03.ogg}} '''???:''' I believe that astrology is a valuable discipline, and that it is capable of revealing the inner workings of this universe
:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Uh, that's me talking to myself...

:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' When people discovered I could perform divination, they began to bombard me with inquiries.

:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "When is my missing son going to be found?"
:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Do they love me or not?"
:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Will I ever recover?"

:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Being the honest person I am, I told them exactly what I saw through the scryglass.

:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Though honesty may bring about resentment, I&mdash;I couldn't lie in the face of such a noble art.

:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Astrology is a scam!"

:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "That's insane!"

:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Can you please leave me alone now? I need some space..."

:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It felt as if I was being stabbed with razor-sharp knives formed by their disappointment.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 4 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I could see the future, yet I felt miserable... as if I'd fallen into an abyss.

----
;(After completing the challenge)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Lady Megistus... this is heartbreaking.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ugh, please don't try to comfort me. It'll only make me feel embarrassed...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' C'mon, you don't need to pretend in front of us! Need a hug?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' N&mdash;No!
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That was really how I felt back when I first started out in astrology but...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I've matured now. I'm no longer so easily swayed by random people's opinions.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Who would've thought! Even Megistus the Court Archmage was not spared of vexatious times in her career.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It must have been difficult to be misunderstood by others... I'm glad that you were able to move past that.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Actually, there are many who have given up astrology due to similar circumstances.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' But, I am a genius, so it's only fair that I'm able to accomplish what others cannot.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's pretty inspiring to hear you say all that in an amazing place like this!
:{{DIcon}} You're awesome, Mona!
:{{DIcon}} You're definitely a genius.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Yes, good, keep going.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Ahem... sorry to interrupt, but the door is that way.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 5 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Alright, I'll let you shower me with praise after all the mysteries are solved.
----
;(Enter the mirage door)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The surroundings appear to have changed. This isn't the beach we originally left.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' The area appears to be the mountains of Mondstadt. Wait, have we been sent back to Mondstadt?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Yet the boundless ocean still surrounds us.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There should be another pool around here for us to enter.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 xinyan 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Over here, y'all!
;(Everyone walks to the pool)
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm? Why isn't it letting us enter?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, something seems to be floating on the water there...
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 xinyan 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Uh... is it a painting? Or what is it...?
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' It seems to be hinting at a specific place.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' It is anticipating that the Prinzessin would guide her loyal followers to the location that has been chosen by fate.
:{{A|vo yqeq111 6 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Why is it always you that has to take the lead... Ugh whatever, it doesn't matter. Let's just find this place first.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/Jd5u1N3nPV8
|caption1 = The Ancient Azure Stars Guide

|video2   = https://youtu.be/6qSAgR61cW4
|caption2 = Temple of the Star Latitudes Domain Guide (15 Chests & 1 Conch)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Ancient Azure Stars
|zhs     = 亘古的苍星
|zhs_rm  = Gèngǔ de Cāngxīng
|zht     = 亙古的蒼星
|zht_rm  = Gèngǔ de Cāngxīng
|zh_tl   = Azure Stars throughout Time
|zh_note = {{lang|mini=1|zh=亘古}} is a literary term for things that went throughout time.
|ja      = いにしえの蒼星
|ja_rm   = Inishie No Sousei
|ja_tl   = Ancient's Azure Stars
|ko      = 태고의 푸른 별
|ko_rm   = Taego-ui Pureun Byeol
|ko_tl   = Ancient's Blue Star
|es      = Estrellas arcaicas
|es_tl   = Ancient Stars (lit. 'Archaic')
|fr      = Les anciennes étoiles
|fr_tl   = The Ancient Stars
|ru      = Древние лазурные звёзды
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ดาราบรรพกาล
|th_rm   = Dara Banphakan
|th_tl   = The Ancient Star
|vi      = Ánh Sao Lam Cổ Xưa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die uralten azurblauen Sterne
|de_tl   = The Ancient Azur Blue Stars
|id      = Bintang Biru Kuno
|id_tl   = Ancient Blue Star
|pt      = Antigas Estrelas Azuis
|pt_tl   = Ancient Azure Stars
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[ru:Древние лазурные звёзды (Часть 1)]]