{{Domain Infobox
|image        = Domain The Lost Valley.png
|type         = Blessing
|description  = The ancient ritual grounds were buried beneath the earth amidst a cataclysm that tore heaven and earth asunder before being uplifted by the descent of an alien object, and finally unveiled by a destructive battle that resulted from a betrayal. Nonetheless, those who once frequented this place are no more.
|region       = Liyue
|area         = The Chasm
|subarea      = Fuao Vale
|requiredAR   = 30/35/40/45
|recLevel     = 59/69/80/90
|recElements  = Pyro,Electro,Geo,Anemo
}}
'''The Lost Valley''' is a [[Domain]] located in [[Fuao Vale]] in [[The Chasm]]. Clearing this domain gives [[Artifacts]]. Challenge domains with higher levels to get better rewards.

==Unlocking the Domain==
The domain can be unlocked by placing two Geo constructs at equal distances between the [[Unique Rock]] and the closest rock pillar. (It also suffices with one Geo construct on the [[Pressure Plate]].) Afterwards, a strong attack against the [[Unique Rock Pillar]] located nearby will create a resonant quake to reveal the domain.

Unlocking the domain grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[The Lost Valley (Achievement)|The Lost Valley]]."

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the nearby Unique Rock Pillar)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, this big rock has a gold shine, and its color is the same as the rock pillars around it. Maybe there's a secret here?
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, Paimon's never seen raw minerals this huge. There's a wooden sign beside it too. Let's go have a look.

;(Activate the Unique Rock Pillar)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, the ground's shaking!
:'''Paimon:''' Look! The shockwaves are traveling between the minerals. So, this is the "resonance" between {{Color|buzzword|Geo Constructs}}, huh?

;(Unlock the domain)
:'''Paimon:''' We've done it! Now let's see what's hidden in here...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Ley Line Disorder==
Each level in this domain has the following Ley Line Disorder:
{| class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Level
!Ley Line Disorder
|-
!I - IV
|When characters use [[Elemental Skill]]s, a shockwave will be unleashed, dealing [[True Damage]].
|}

===Damage===
{{See also|Level Scaling/Reaction#Level Multiplier}}
The {{Color|True Physical DMG}} dealt by the shockwave is calculated as <math>4 \times \text{Element Level Multiplier}</math>.

{| class="wikitable" style="text-align: center;"
! Level !! Damage
|-
! I
| 1885
|-
! II
| 2791
|-
! III
| 3785
|-
! IV
| 4811
|}

==Challenge Features==
Each level in this domain has the following Challenge Features:
{| class="wikitable"
!Level
!Challenge Features
|-
!III - IV
|· Enlist characters whose Elemental Skill CDs are shorter to make use of the Ley Line Disorder and deal more DMG through the use of more Elemental Skills.
|}

==Rewards==
{{Domain Levels/Blessing
|sets=Martial Artist, Gambler, Vermillion Hereafter, Echoes of an Offering
|level=4
}}

==Enemies==
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Machine Nest I
|objective=Defeat 2 opponents within 360 seconds
|enemies=Ruin Guard,Ruin Destroyer
}}
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Machine Nest II
|objective=Defeat 4 opponents within 360 seconds
|enemies=Ruin Guard,Ruin Scout,Ruin Cruiser,Ruin Destroyer
}}
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Machine Nest III
|objective=Defeat 5 opponents within 360 seconds
|enemies=Ruin Scout,Ruin Cruiser*2,Ruin Destroyer*2
}}
{{Domain Enemies
|header=Machine Nest IV
|objective=Defeat 3 opponents within 360 seconds
|enemies=Ruin Grader,Ruin Cruiser,Ruin Destroyer
}}

==Trivia==
* The Lost Valley contains 8 pillars around the battlefield and 2 in the back like many other domains, however unlike every other domain of this type where the pillars contain writing, the pillars in the Lost Valley are blank.

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/YdoSfx1Yewk
|caption1 = How to Unlock The Lost Valley domain at Fuao Vale Chasm

|video2   = https://youtu.be/5JSgCF2Dm9w
|caption2 = Unlock The Lost Valley Domain Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Lost Valley
|zhs     = 岩中幽谷
|zhs_rm  = Yánzhōng Yōugǔ
|zht     = 岩中幽谷
|zht_rm  = Yánzhōng Yōugǔ
|zh_tl   = Secluded Valley in the Rock
|ja      = 山間幽谷
|ja_rm   = Sankan Yuukoku
|ja_tl   = Secluded Valley Among the Mountains
|ko      = {{tt|암중협곡|岩中峽谷}}
|ko_rm   = Amjung Hyeopgok
|ko_tl   = Canyon in the Rock
|es      = Valle entre montañas
|es_tl   = Valley Amidst Mountains
|fr      = Vallée recluse
|fr_tl   = Secluded Valley
|ru      = Затерянная долина
|ru_tl   = The Lost Valley
|th      = หุบเขากลางศิลา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Vực|域}} Sâu {{tt|Nham Thạch|岩石}}
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Mysteriöse Felsenklamm
|de_tl   = Mysterious Cliff Ravine
|id      = The Lost Valley
|pt      = Vale Perdido
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Permanent}}