{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79023
|image         = Event Quest The Discarded Insignia.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|chapter       = The Scattered Past
|requirement   = Complete [[Like Rhyme and Song, the Summer Reverie]]
|characters    = Chevka; Paimon; Traveler; Yakov
|startLocation = [[Minacious Isle/2.8|Minacious Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|area          = Golden Apple Archipelago
|subarea       = Minacious Isle
|next          = A Misplaced Conch
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*3
}}
'''''The Discarded Insignia''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by talking to the Electrohammer Vanguard southwest of the [[Temple of the Star Latitudes]] Domain in Present Day [[Minacious Isle/2.8|Minacious Isle]]
# Look for [[Old Insignia|the insignia]] the Electrohammer Vanguard speaks of
#* The insignia can be picked up prior to starting the quest
# Give the insignia to the Electrohammer Vanguard
# Find a way to open the path that Yakov took
#* Check the Echoing Conch for clue
# Go and look for Yakov
# Talk to Chevka
# Look for Yakov
# Try to wake Yakov up
# Look for traces of the other group's members
#* Approach the starting location of [[The Misplaced Photo]] if it has not been started

==Gameplay Notes==
* To "Find a way to open the path that Yakov took", the [[Elemental Monument]]s in the present island need to be activated in the following order: {{Cryo}} -> {{Anemo}} -> {{Pyro}} -> {{Hydro}}
** The nearby [[Resonating Visions/Story#II|Echoing Conch]] Secret Mission Log: VIII hints the order: "I think it went... white, green... red, then blue?"
** This is the same order that was used to light the Elemental Monuments in ''[[The Winding Homeward Way]]'', a World Quest that partly took place in the same location on Minacious Isle during [[Version 1.6]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet a Fatui Electrohammer Vanguard on Minacious Isle who keeps going on about an insignia. It seems that you won't be able to get through to him... But if you find some way to bring him back to his senses, perhaps you might be able to figure out why he is here.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Electrohammer Vanguard before the quest become available)
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' No, I need to... bring the insignia back to him... I've got to find it...
:{{DIcon}} (We aren't getting through to him...)
:{{DIcon}} (Let's leave him alone for now...)

;(Talk to the Electrohammer Vanguard)
;(If the player has not yet awakened the Mirror Maiden in [[The Misplaced Photo]])
::'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' It's all my fault... I'm the reason he became like that...
::'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' No, I need to... bring the insignia back to him... I've got to find it...
::'''Paimon:''' What's that Fatui guy muttering about?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, what are you doing here?
::'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' The insignia... The insignia...
::{{DIcon}} He doesn't look quite all there.
::{{DIcon}} I don't think we're getting through to him...
::'''Paimon:''' Well... this does worry Paimon a little. Why is this Electrohammer Vanguard here? He isn't up to something bad, is he?
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, how should we deal with this guy?
::{{DIcon}} Eh, only his charging attack is any threat...
::'''Paimon:''' Right, Electrohammer Vanguards are pretty dangerous when they sprint at full tilt... Wait, no, that's not what Paimon was talking about!
::'''Paimon:''' What Paimon meant is... Shouldn't we, y'know, wake him up and ask him what he's doing here...?
::{{DIcon}} It is quite the curious thing, indeed...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah. It's not every day we have a Fatuus here muttering about some insignia or whatever... It seems like he's looking for something.
::'''Paimon:''' This really isn't something that happens every day.
::'''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon wonders what happened to leave him in this state...
::{{DIcon}} It must've been that machine's fault...
::'''Paimon:''' Right, the Fatui were also affected by the machine. But isn't there anything we can do to bring him back to his senses?
::'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' I gotta find the insignia... That's the only way...
::'''Paimon:''' Seems like he's looking for some kind of insignia... Guess we need to find it for him, {{Traveler}}.
;(If the player has awakened the Mirror Maiden in [[The Misplaced Photo]])
::'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' It's all my fault... I'm the reason he became like that...
::'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' No, I need to... bring the insignia back to him... I've got to find it...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! What are you doing here?
::'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' The insignia... The insignia...
::'''Paimon:''' Gah, he's completely ignoring us...
::{{DIcon}} A little louder, Paimon!
::'''Paimon:''' It's pretty clear that he can't hear us. Speaking louder won't help at all...
::'''Paimon:''' He acts exactly like [[Agafya]] earlier, remember? She came to reason as soon as we gave her [[Silver Pocket Watch|the pocket watch with a picture]].
::'''Paimon:''' Maybe there is also something that can wake the Electrohammer Vanguard from the impact of the machine?
::'''Paimon:''' Seems like he's looking for some kind of insignia... Guess we need to find it for him, {{Traveler}}.

;(Talk to the Electrohammer Vanguard before obtaining [[Old Insignia]])
::'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' I gotta find the insignia... That's the only way...
:{{DIcon}} (Let's talk to him after we find the insignia...)

;(Talk to the Electrohammer Vanguard after obtaining [[Old Insignia]])
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, is the insignia we picked up on the beach the one he's muttering about? You know, the one that looks kinda shabby?
:'''Paimon:''' We might as well show it to him, huh?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yeah, let's show him that insignia...
:{{Black Screen|The Fatuus' clarity returns upon obtaining the insignia...}}
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' This is... Yeah, this is the one. I remember every scratch on this insignia. Huh, there's a new dent here. Why's that?
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' Oh right. [[Yakov]] threw it down back then, didn't he...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so that's why that insignia was in such a weird spot.
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' I see. So you found it on the beach, eh... Heh, so it was found at last. Thank you both so much. I'm lucky to have met people as kind as you are.
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' ...No, wait. You're {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} That's right. That's {{Traveler}} to you!
:'''Paimon:''' And Paimon's Paimon!
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' I... I see. Now that I'm at your mercy, there's not much I can do.
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' My father once told me that "if you have fallen into enemy hands, it is a better option to sacrifice yourself for the honor of your family."
:'''Paimon:''' What? That sounds horrible...
:{{DIcon}} Can't believe your old man actually said that...
:{{DIcon}} A good father would never say something like that!
:'''Paimon:''' To be honest, though, we were just curious about why you're here...
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' ...
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' My father once told me that "giving information to the enemy is no different from betrayal. Our family raises no traitors!"
:'''Paimon:''' That's way too harsh.
:{{DIcon}} Harsh indeed...
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' To be honest, it is truly shameful that I have fallen into your hands and even had to accept your help. That's what my father's teachings say.
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' To be honest, I'm so ashamed now that I want to cry!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, okay, we got it. Still, this isn't something to be proud of. You don't have to say it so loud.
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' Yet, my father also told me that "When you receive a favor, you should return it." His words seem to contradict themselves in this situation.
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' So I have decided to...
:'''Paimon:''' Have decided to do what?
:'''Electrohammer Vanguard:''' Just do what I wish and tell you everything!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, you sure became easygoing super quick!
:'''Chevka:''' My name is [[Chevka]]. I was carrying out signal testing work for the machine... Huh, my memory about it is a bit blurry. Anyway, I remember that we came all the way to this island...
:'''Chevka:''' Oh, yeah, and I was with Yakov. We got into a fight, and that's why he threw the insignia away.
:'''Chevka:''' Then... I saw him walking into something really abnormal and disappear along with... whatever that abnormality was. Um, this doesn't mean that I'll never see him again, right?
:'''Chevka:''' That's what I hoped, anyway, and that's how I wound up looking for a way to reunite with him here. But then there was a buzzing sound, and my mind suddenly went blank. That's how I got into the state you saw me in earlier.
:'''Paimon:''' A thing that disappears with you once you walk into it? Is this some kind of Golden Apple Archipelago urban legend?
:{{DIcon}} Some kind of horrifyingly warped trap?
:{{DIcon}} Some amorphous man-eating monster?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon thinks those might be a bit off the mark. But it might just be like those strange mechanized paths we've seen before.
:'''Paimon:''' In which case, there might just be a way to re-open the way through them!
:'''Chevka:''' Wait. You... You can open those...?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we can, sure. But hey, why should we help you?
:{{DIcon}} You're a Fatuus, you know...
:'''Chevka:''' If you can open it and help me find Yakov, I will tell you anything you want... Well, I will not speak ill of the Lord [[Harbingers]] regardless.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, that was a quick decision. You almost made us feel like the villains here... Also, hang on, did you just forget your father's teachings altogether?
:'''Chevka:''' It was my fault in the first place that Yakov was... And some things are more important than so-called principles or instructions... That's what I think, anyway.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, alright then. Let's give it a go, {{Traveler}}!

;(Talk to Chevka again, optional)
:'''Chevka:''' Have you found a way to open the device? I mean, I'm not rushing you or anything, but... Why, is there something wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Why did you all come to the Archipelago...
::'''Chevka:''' We came here to complete our glorious mission, of course. But as for the details... I'll tell you more after we find Yakov...
:{{DIcon}} That insignia...
::'''Chevka:''' You mean you think it's strange that I'm so familiar with an insignia that is not even mine...?
::'''Chevka:''' Well, that badge belongs to Yakov. He went on this mission once together with his father, but he came back alone.
::'''Chevka:''' He got that insignia after that mission... I envied the honor he won so much that I wound up borrowing it many times. Just to have a look.
:{{DIcon}} See you...
----
;(Enter the portal)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so this is where we've gone? Heh, Paimon was worried there for a moment.

;(Talk to Chevka)
:'''Chevka:''' Huh, so there was an island like this there. How strange...
:'''Chevka:''' I don't remember this being here the last time when we were investigating earlier...
:'''Paimon:''' What is it, Chevka?
:'''Chevka:''' Hmm... No, it's nothing, really.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, it seems that Yakov definitely came to this island as well.
:'''Chevka:''' That's right. I've got to find Yakov. I've got to! Yakov&mdash;!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, hey, didn't we tell you to relax? Stop yelling so loudly!
:'''Chevka:''' Oh. Um. Sorry.
:'''Paimon:''' There's no need to be so nervous. This place is very safe. Now, {{Traveler}}, let's go look for Yakov...

;(Talk to Chevka again)
:'''Chevka:''' What happened back there? I... don't really understand.
:'''Chevka:''' How did it go? Have you found Yakov?

;(Talk to Yakov)
:'''Phonograph:''' (The gramophone is playing songs that bring back warm memories of the past...)
:'''Yakov:''' Oh... why...
:'''Chevka:''' Yakov, Yakov, wake up! What happened to you...
:'''Paimon:''' You were just like him earlier, you know, muttering on about that insignia!
:'''Chevka:''' Oh right, that insignia...
:'''Chevka:''' Yakov, look! This is your insignia. You threw it away earlier, but it's been found...
:'''Chevka:''' It's an honor you earned together with your father, and now it's back in your hands... What do you say, Yakov? C'mon, man, wake up already...
:'''Yakov:''' Why... Why... Why did you leave me alone...
:'''Paimon:''' It doesn't seem to have helped...
:'''Chevka:''' If this won't bring him back to us, then what in the world does he want...
:'''Paimon:''' You don't know what he's looking for? Aren't you guys teammates?
:'''Chevka:''' I... I always thought that honors were all that mattered to him. But no, I was wrong. That was just "what I thought he valued"...
:'''Chevka:''' He got this badge for completing an emergency mission together with his father, but his father never returned...
:'''Chevka:''' His mother passed away when he was born... So after losing his father, he was then all alone in the world.
:'''Chevka:''' *sigh*... Though he's younger than me, he'd earned more honors than I. Maybe I was... I guess I was jealous of him. I didn't even know how to get along with him. The only example I could draw from...
:'''Paimon:''' You got this from how your father treats you, didn't you...
:'''Chevka:''' Well, this is kind of embarrassing... But you guessed it.
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, it somehow doesn't surprise Paimon that the two of you have problems...
:'''Chevka:''' Our base camp is on an island in the center of the sea. Yakov is still delirious, so I must send him there first.
:'''Chevka:''' And... Oh yes. We... we were part of the team assigned by Researcher [[Persikov]] to conduct signal tests here.
:'''Chevka:''' I've heard that one of the Lord Harbingers has learned in [[Sumeru]] that we can connect people's minds with the help of certain technologies, and that the impact of such technologies could cover an entire region...
:'''Chevka:''' Things weren't looking all that promising, but Researcher Persikov decided to go ahead with these experiments anyway, and we were assigned to go out to sea and carry out signal tests in various places for this machine of ours...
:'''Chevka:''' Speaking of which, I wonder how those experiments are going...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, we are here, so the Fatui experiment...
:{{DIcon}} The experiment is kaput, duh.
:'''Chevka:''' That how it is? Haha, then I guess Researcher Persikov's gonna have to pay that toll.

;(If the player has not yet awakened the Mirror Maiden in [[The Misplaced Photo]])
:'''Chevka:''' That's all I know. I made arrangements with {{Color|buzzword|the other team members}} that we'd go back to our base camp in the center of the sea once we finished testing...
::'''Chevka:''' They should be somewhere on the {{Color|buzzword|two islands in the north}}... According to our mission progress, they're probably on the {{Color|buzzword|northwestern island}}...
::'''Chevka:''' *sigh*... Agafya would be crazy mad at me if she saw Yakov like this... But I've got to bring Yakov back no matter what!

::'''Paimon:''' Another group... and the other Fatui working alongside them, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' This is kinda concerning. According to Chevka, we can find 'em near Broken Isle, so let's start our search there...

:;(Talk to Chevka at the base camp) (Optional)
::'''Chevka:''' *sigh*, what am I gonna do about Yakov... What, is there anything else, {{Traveler}}?
::{{DIcon}} Why did you join the Fatui?
:::'''Chevka:''' Why... I joined the Fatui?
:::'''Chevka:''' Well, I did it to help realize the long-cherished wish of Her Royal Highness the [[Tsaritsa]]... and to bring more honor to my family. I was raised to fight for the Tsaritsa.
::{{DIcon}} About Yakov...
:::'''Chevka:''' *sigh* It seems that Yakov is still delirious...
::{{DIcon}} It's nothing.

:;(Talk to Yakov at the base camp) (Optional)
::'''Yakov:''' Why... Why did you leave me alone, Father... Why...
::{{DIcon}} (He still doesn't seem to be in his right mind...)

:;(Approach the Mirror Maiden)
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, there's Fatui on this island too. Could these people be "the other team" that Chevka was talking about earlier?
::'''Paimon:''' Let's go check it out, {{Traveler}}.

;(If the player has awakened the Mirror Maiden in [[The Misplaced Photo]])
::'''Chevka:''' That's all I know. I made arrangements with the other team members that we'd go back to our base camp in the center of the sea once we finished testing...
::'''Paimon:''' Ah, you must be referring to the Fatui we met earlier!
::'''Chevka:''' Oh, so you've met them, have you...
::'''Chevka:''' *sigh*... Agafya would be crazy mad at me if she saw Yakov like this... But I've got to bring Yakov back no matter what!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
| video1 = https://youtu.be/MWlriHGMqic
| caption1 = The Discarded Insignia Guide
}}

==Trivia==
* Before a hotfix, [[Venti]] was present at the island you are teleported to by the portal, without option to speak with him, nor a cutscene that triggers.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Discarded Insignia
|zhs     = 被抛出的徽记
|zhs_rm  = Bèi Pāochū de Huījì
|zht     = 被拋出的徽記
|zht_rm  = Bèi Pāochū de Huījì
|zh_tl   = Thrown Out Insignia
|ja      = 捨てられた記章
|ja_rm   = Suterareta Kishou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Discarded Insignia
|ko      = 버려진 휘장
|ko_tl   = Discarded Insignia
|es      = La insignia descartada
|es_tl   = The Discarded Insignia
|fr      = L'insigne abandonné
|fr_tl   = The Abandoned Insignia
|ru      = Выброшенный шеврон
|ru_tl   = The Discarded Chevron
|th      = ตราสัญลักษณ์ที่ถูกโยนทิ้ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Phù Hiệu Bị Vứt Bỏ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das weggeworfene Abzeichen
|de_tl   = The Discarded Insignia
|id      = Lencana yang Dibuang
|id_tl   = The Discarded Insignia
|pt      = A Insígnia Jogada
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:La insignia descartada]]
[[pt-br:A Insígnia Jogada]]