{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19101
|image         = Hangout Event The Cat's Tail's Bartender.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Diona
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Cat and the Cocktail
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = To Catch a Kitten
|nextNote      = Branch 1
|next2         = A Special Base Drink
|nextNote2     = Branch 2
|next3         = Special Cocktailing Condiments
|nextNote3     = Branch 3
|characters    = Diona; Margaret; Nimrod; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Cat's Tail's Bartender''''' is the first quest of {{Quest|The Cat and the Cocktail}}.

==Steps==
They say that there's a popular bartender at The Cat's Tail.
# Talk to [[Nimrod]]
# Talk to Diona
#* I'm here for the kitties... Proceed to [[To Catch a Kitten#What the Kitties Like|What the Kitties Like]]
#* I want to try some new specialty drinks...
#** I'd like the base to be more unique... Proceed to [[A Special Base Drink]].
#** I'd like the flavoring to be more unique... Proceed to [[Special Cocktailing Condiments]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|They say that there's a popular bartender at The Cat's Tail.}}
===The Cat's Tail's Bartender===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Nimrod)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 01.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Mmm... drinks at The Cat's Tail. Not bad... not bad at all...
:{{DIcon}} The Cat's Tail?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 02.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Oh hey, it's you, Traveler. ...Huh? Y&mdash;You've never heard of The Cat's Tail?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 03.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Judging from your expression, seems like you really don't know the place. Boy, have you been missing out...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 04.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' The Cat's Tail is renowned for its incredible specialty drinks. I'm talking drinks you've definitely never tasted before.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 05.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' And just as its name suggests, there are loads of cute kitties at The Cat's Tail.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 06.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Time simply starts slipping away when you're enjoying a delicious specialty cocktail and surrounded by a bunch of cute kitties...
:{{DIcon}} Is The Cat's Tail still open right now?
:{{DIcon}} I'd like to go check it out...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 07.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Uh, but you don't seem of age to drink yet.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 08.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Well, that shouldn't be a problem, Diona will be there. She's the best bartender in all of Mondstadt!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 09.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' It should be a piece of cake for her to whip you up a drink with no alcohol in it.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 10.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Oh, and not to mention, Diona is also pretty cute... just like a little kitty.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 11.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' *hic* Oh no... did I say that out loud? Uh, please don't tell her I said that!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 12.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Anyway, if you want to check out The Cat's Tail for yourself, the entrance is just around the back.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 nimrod 13.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' I'm gonna... *hic* go over there and sober up a bit, I don't think I can handle a fifth round quite yet... I drank way too much already.

;(Talk to Diona)
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' All out of ingredients... again. Ugh, I really don't understand why these adults love to drink so much.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 01.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Because all the drinks you make are so delicious! All it takes is just one sip and they're hooked.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 02.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmph, and I thought self-control was the most important quality of being an adult.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 02.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Well, it just so happens that self-control often falls by the wayside when someone's enjoying one of your delicious specialty drinks!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 03.ogg}} '''Diona:''' All that means is that they're nothin' but a bunch of drunkards that don't know when to stop...
:{{DIcon}} Aww look, it's a kitty.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 04.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hey! Who you calling "kitty"!? Haven't you seen anyone of the Kätzlein bloodline before?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 03b.ogg}}--> '''Margaret:''' Oh, hello there. Are you here to visit the Cat's Tail?
:{{DIcon}} I'm here for the kitties...
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} I want to try some new specialty drinks...
:;(Go to [[#Branch 2/3|Branch 2/3]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 04.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Here for the kitties, huh? Hehe, I suppose we do have a lot of cute cats here.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 05.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' They're all quite friendly. In fact, many other customers are here for the same reason.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 06.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' After all, there aren't many places in Mondstadt where you can just relax and interact with friendly cats.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 05.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmph, I've never seen such a bunch of arrogant and stubborn cats. I don't understand why people like them so much. Besides, shouldn't the main purpose for going to a tavern to be drinking, without getting cat hair in your beverage?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe everyone just thinks the cats are cute?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 06.ogg}} '''Diona:''' What kind of reason is that!? So as long as they're cute, nothing else matters?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 07.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Well, judging from the customers, that seems to be the case, hehe.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 08a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 08b.ogg}}--> '''Margaret:''' See? This traveler is here for the cats as well.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 09.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' However, you've come at a most unfortunate time. Our cats seem to have snuck out to play somewhere.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 10.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' If you're willing to wait, Diona here should be able to bring them back shortly...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 07.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Huh? When did I agree to fetch those little troublemakers!?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 11.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Consider it a task straight from tavern management. Besides, the cats are quite fond of you, so you're the natural pick for the job.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 08.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *sigh* They're probably just bored and wandering off to get people's attention.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 12.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Is that so? Hehe... Well anyway, it'll be up to you to bring them back here.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 13.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Oh, and didn't you say that you're here to see the kitties? If you're up for it, perhaps you could accompany Diona to retrieve them.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 14.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Maybe after interacting with them for a bit, the cats will get to know you and seek more of your attention.
:{{DIcon}} I understand.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 15.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' The three cats that snuck out are Roger, Nelson, and Paisley. Diona, you usually take care of them, so you should be quite familiar with these three, right?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 09.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh, them again! And they even dared to sneak out during working hours... Don't they have any sense of duty as tavern cats?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 16.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Come on, not every kitty can be as reliable and caring as you, Diona.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 10.ogg}} '''Diona:''' I am not a cat!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 11.ogg}} '''Diona:''' ...Whatever. So all we have to do is to bring them back to the tavern, right? This shouldn't be a problem, let's scurry out of here. They love wandering around the center of town, so let's check there first.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 17.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' I'll leave you to it. In the meantime, I'll keep an eye on things here at the tavern. Once you've found the little rascals, please bring them right back.
:;(Proceed to [[To Catch a Kitten]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 2/3===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 18.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Oh, you're here for the drinks? Unfortunately, we're pretty much out of ingredients, besides...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 12.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Besides, you don't look like you're even old enough to drink yet!
:{{DIcon}} I'm a lot older than I look...
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 13.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hah! That's what every underage person says when they come here trying to sneak a drink.
:{{DIcon}} A non-alcoholic beverage would be fine as well.
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 14.ogg}} '''Diona:''' A non-alcoholic beverage? There are tons of other places in Mondstadt that serve that.
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 15.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But seeing as you came all the way to a tavern for a non-alcoholic drink, that must mean you have your own views about alcohol, right?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 16.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Unless you just want to try a drink because you think it's the romantic thing that adults do. Hmph, those sleazy old men over there once thought the same thing, you know!
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 17.ogg}} '''Diona:''' *sigh* I just don't get why everyone is so obsessed with alcohol. What's so good about it anyway?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 19.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' That's enough, Diona. This traveler obviously made a trip here to have a drink. We should always do our best to satisfy the customers' needs.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 margaret 20.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Consider this the tavern management's request.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 18.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ugh, oh alright! So one special cocktail is all I need to make, right?
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 19.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Fine, since you seem to fantasize about alcohol so much, I'll make you something that'll crush whatever dreams you've had about the stuff.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 20.ogg}} '''Diona:''' That way, maybe you won't become another one of those annoying and smelly old drunks...
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 21.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Though we do have some drink base and flavoring ingredients left, since you're looking for a special drink, I'm willing to put in the effort and search for some special ingredients.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 22.ogg}} '''Diona:''' But considering the time, I can only make either the drink's base or flavoring more special.
:{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 23.ogg}} '''Diona:''' So... what'll it be? The drink's base or flavoring to be more unique? Hmm?
:{{DIcon}} I'd like the base to be more unique...
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 24.ogg}} '''Diona:''' A drink with a special base, huh? Hm, looks like you already possess plenty of potential to become a roaring drunkard. I'm gonna have to really knock some sense into you with this one.
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 25.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Ahem... Anyway, let's head to Dadaupa Gorge, I know just the place to find a unique drink base.
:;(Proceed to [[A Special Base Drink]])
:{{DIcon}} I'd like the flavoring to be more unique...
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910101 diona 26.ogg}} '''Diona:''' A drink with special flavoring huh? Well, that'll be easy enough, I was planning on looking for some more flavorings anyway. Hm, I've got a list of things we can search for.
::{{A|vo dancop001 1910105 diona 01.ogg}} '''Diona:''' Hmm... let's go visit Blanche first. I placed an order for some flavoring ingredients that should be ready by now.
:;(Proceed to [[Special Cocktailing Condiments]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Cat's Tail's Bartender
|zhs     = 「猫尾酒馆」的调酒师
|zhs_rm  = "Māowěi Jiúguǎn" de Tiáojiǔ-shī
|zht     = 「貓尾酒館」的調酒師
|zht_rm  = "Māowěi Jiúguǎn" de Tiáojiǔ-shī
|zh_tl   = Bartender of "Cat's Tail Tavern"
|ja      = 「キャッツテール」のバーテンダー
|ja_rm   = "Kyattsu Teeru" no Baatendaa
|ja_tl   = "The Cat's Tail"'s Bartender
|ko      = 「캣테일 술집」의 바텐더
|ko_rm   = "Ketteil Suljip"-ui Batendeo
|ko_tl   = "The Cat's Tail"'s Bartender
|es      = La cantinera de la Taberna Cola de Gato
|es_tl   = The Bartender at the Cat's Tail Tavern
|fr      = La barmaid de La Queue de Chat
|fr_tl   = The Barmaid of The Cat's Tail
|ru      = Бармен таверны «Кошкин хвост»
|ru_tl   = "Cat's Tail" Bartender
|th      = บาร์เทนเดอร์แห่งร้าน Cat's Tail
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nhân viên pha chế của "Quán Rượu Đuôi Mèo"
|vi_tl   = Bartender of "Cat's Tail Bar"
|de      = Die Wirtin von „Zum Katzenschwanz“
|de_tl   = "The Cat's Tail"'s Landlady
|id      = Bartender Cat's Tail
|id_tl   = Bartender of the Cat's Tail
|pt      = A Barmaid da Cauda do Gato
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kedi Kuyruğu'nun Barmeni
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La barista della Coda di Gatto
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}