{{Quest Infobox
|id            =
|image         = Story Quest The Wind Settles.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Cypressus Custos Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = The Firmiana Leaf Falls
|character     = Kamisato Ayato
|description   = Ayato claims that your job is done and all that remains is to wait for the Kanjou Commission's internal reaction. Will things really proceed as he thinks they will?
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = The Truth Is Also a Lie
|next          = 
|exp           = 550
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}{{Card|Guide to Elegance|5}}
|characters    = Hatanaka; Hideo; Hiiragi Chisato; Ide; Kaede; Kamisato Ayato; Matsuura; Okabayashi; Paimon; Sasano; Thoma; Traveler; Yasuaki; Yokoyama
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Truth Is Also a Lie''' is the third and final part of the [[Story Quest]] [[Cypressus Custos Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Firmiana Leaf Falls]].

==Steps==
# Wait for two days
# Go to [[Ritou]] to check on the situation.
# Talk to the people of Ritou (0/3)
#* Speak to the locals - [[Sasano]] and [[Kaede]], [[Hatanaka]], and [[Hideo]] and [[Yasuaki]]
# Meet and talk to Hiiragi Chisato
# Go to the [[Kamisato Estate]] and meet Ayato
# Talk to Kamisato Ayato

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ayato claims that your job is done and that all that remains is to wait for the Kanjou Commission's internal reaction. Will things really proceed as he thinks they will?}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Ritou to check on the situation)

;(Talk to Hatanaka)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 5 hatanaka 01.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' Hello, how may I help?
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:{{DIcon}} Why is there such a strong Tenryou Commission presence here?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 5 hatanaka 02.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' We arrived here two days ago to escort Lady Hiiragi to Inazuma City.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 5 hatanaka 03.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' Sir Kujou Kamaji gave us very strict orders, so we have to obey. But every time we attempt to receive the bride, the Hiiragi Clan always finds an excuse to delay things.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 5 hatanaka 04.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' Since we haven't fulfilled our duties yet... we decided to stay in Ritou until Lady Hiiragi is ready to come with us.
:{{DIcon}} Everyone is scared.
:{{DIcon}} People suspect something is wrong.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 5 hatanaka 05.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' We apologize, it was not our intention to stay here so long.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 5 hatanaka 06.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' We promise our presence here will not impact ordinary people's lives. We can only hope that the leaders of the Hiiragi Clan will start to cooperate soon.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 5 hatanaka 07.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' If this stalemate continues, who knows... Sir Kujou might give us orders to be less accommodating...

;(Talk to Hatanaka again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 hatanaka 01.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' Whatever happens, please don't worry. We know where to draw the line.

----

;(Talk to Sasano or Kaede)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 1 sasano 01.ogg}} '''Sasano:''' These people from the Tenryou Commission have been here for days now.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 1 kaede 01.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' I guess they're here to pick up Lady Hiiragi... but why would it be taking so long?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 1 sasano 02.ogg}} '''Sasano:''' I heard that the Kanjou Commission suddenly said they don't want Lady Hiiragi to leave.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 1 sasano 03.ogg}} '''Sasano:''' To be honest, I'd be hesitant if I were her. A crowd this size comes to Ritou? Who knows what they could be planning.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 1 kaede 02.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' Shh! Stay quiet. Someone might hear you.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 1 sasano 04.ogg}} '''Sasano:''' Oh, right, sorry. Ugh, how did things get to this point...

;(Talk to Sasano or Kaede again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 kaede 01.ogg}} '''Kaede:''' I hope this is all resolved soon.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 sasano 01.ogg}} '''Sasano:''' I know, right? What the heck is the Kanjou Commission doing...

----

;(Talk to Yasuaki or Hideo)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 3 yasuaki 01.ogg}} '''Yasuaki:''' How much longer does your Master plan to hold them off...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 3 hideo 01.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' I have no idea. We're stuck in limbo here.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 3 hideo 02.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' Master's been very on edge these past few days. He gets irate over the smallest things and is suspicious of everything... He's been yelling at me a lot...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 3 hideo 03.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' I understand that he's anxious, but I mean... what can we do? I've told him before &mdash; never cross the Yashiro Commissioner.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 3 yasuaki 02.ogg}} '''Yasuaki:''' Yeah, good advice... With him, you just know that whatever he's doing, a lot of preparation has gone into it.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 3 yasuaki 03.ogg}} '''Yasuaki:''' If Lady Hiiragi is really taken away, then what will the Tenryou Commission do? And what will the Yashiro Commission do...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 3 hideo 04.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' Maybe we should tell Master to discuss things with Lady Hiiragi.

;(Talk to Yasuaki or Hideo again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 yasuaki 01.ogg}} '''Yasuaki:''' What's your Master thinking?
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 hideo 01.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' Ugh, with his temper, it's hard to say...
----
;(After talking to the people of Ritou)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hiiragi Chisato is now at the center of every conversation in Ritou.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By now, the Kanjou Commission probably knows how important she is... but what about what she thinks?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go and see.

;(Optional &mdash; Talk to Ide at the stairs near Kaeda and Sasano)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 ide 01.ogg}} '''Ide:''' Sorry for the disruption. We're still waiting for further orders.
;(Ide walks towards Ritou entrance afterwards)

;(Optional &mdash; Talk to Okabayashi near Yasuaki and Hideo)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 okabayashi 01.ogg}} '''Okabayashi:''' Don't worry, the negotiations with the Kanjou Commission should be coming to an end very soon.
;(Okabayashi walks towards Ritou entrance afterwards)

;(Optional &mdash; Talk to Yokoyama at the Hiiragi Estate gate)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 yokoyama 01.ogg}} '''Yokoyama:''' Please leave. Due to an ongoing emergency, we are receiving no guests at present except where a special invitation is given.

----
;(Meet and talk to Hiiragi Chisato)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Oh, Traveler!
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I assume you've heard about everything that's been going on out there? What on earth is happening?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we can explain everything. So, what happened was&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, someone might be eavesdropping.
:{{DIcon}} Let me check it out.

:'''You make sure that no one is eavesdropping before explaining the whole situation to Hiiragi Chisato.'''

:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' After the Tenryou Commission arrived, they suddenly became alarmed. They keep having secretive discussions and won't allow me to have any direct contact with the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 04.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I never would have thought that... this was Sir Kamisato's plan... Now it all makes sense.
:{{DIcon}} Since we last met...
:{{DIcon}} ...have you made your mind up?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 05.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' ...I'm sorry, I haven't.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 06.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' "Maybe there's no right or wrong decision... maybe everything would be easier if I simply didn't have a choice"...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 07.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I used to tell myself things like this to avoid having to think about it. But once I saw the notices appearing out of nowhere on the streets, signaling that the wedding was confirmed...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 08.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I didn't feel reassured at all. Instead, I felt a great sense of regret.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 09.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I keep thinking back to what Sir Kamisato said. This is supposed to be my bright and beautiful future... but what if it's not?
:{{DIcon}} This is exactly what he is worried about.
:{{DIcon}} You can't rush into important things.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 10.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I can happily accept that if someone was trying to take advantage of my marriage, I should absolutely refuse to go through with it...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 11.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' But that's not the answer I'm looking for. And also... now that things have escalated to this point, it will be tricky to resolve...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 01.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Ah, Lady Hiiragi, here you are. You scared me for a second. I thought you'd gone missing...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 02.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' You... Wait, you're the ones who were with the Yashiro Commissioner that day!
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 03.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' What do you think you're doing here? Are you trying to convince Lady Hiiragi to leave!?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 12a.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Calm down. They're my friends. They're just here to visit me.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 04.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Friends? Are you sure? Just friends?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 05.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Lady Hiiragi, I told you already, these are exceptional circumstances. You need to be more vigilant in everything you do.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 06.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' You are extremely important to us and to the entire Kanjou Commission...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 07a.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Who's to say... they don't have a hidden agenda?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you wanna accuse us of trying to abduct her, just come out and say it!
:{{DIcon}} You're acting far less dignified than when we last met.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 13.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Don't be rude. You've been very highly strung lately, seeing everything as a threat.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 08.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I... Ugh...
:{{DIcon}} You won't even follow Lady Hiiragi's orders now?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 14a.ogg}} {{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 14b.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Listen to me. I know all the ins and outs of everything that's happened so far. (His/Her) arrival might well be your very last chance to fix this.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 15.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' The present state of affairs in Ritou shows me that the situation has escalated well past the point where you could hope to control it. If this deadlock continues any longer, we will have nothing to gain and much to lose.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 16.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' This is not an order. All I need you to do is give me an explanation and take responsibility for the situation.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 09.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' ...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 10.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Understood, my lady. I shall discuss with the others right away.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good job, Chisato! You handled that well!
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 17.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I was so nervous. But I thought, things are now so critical that I should at least give it a try... and it worked remarkably well.
:{{DIcon}} That's what I call a voice of authority.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 hiiragichisato 18.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Yes, well, let's wait and see what happens. I hope they provide a satisfactory response.

:'''A while later, Matsuura comes back with his tail between his legs.'''

:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 11.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' We had a serious discussion and reflected on our mistakes.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 12.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' In all honesty... no one can handle the weight of the situation here. Everyone is besides themselves with worry. It'll drive us mad if it continues any longer.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 13.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Ah! I'm so sorry, my actions were radical and duplicitous, I was selfish and ignored the greater good, and then I left the situation to fester...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 14.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Would you... would you please give us a second chance? For my lady's sake, please, give the Kanjou Commission another chance...
:{{DIcon}} It's no use talking to me.
:{{DIcon}} You'll have to talk to Kamisato Ayato.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 15.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I suppose you're right...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 16.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' The only person who can change the Tenryou Commission's mind will be the Yashiro Commissioner.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 17.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' We'll head off to the Kamisato Estate shortly, and beseech him to help us with the utmost sincerity.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 11 matsuura 18.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Lady Hiiragi, might I ask you to join us? You are the most important person... Without you, we have no other way...

;(On the way to the Kamisato Estate)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 12 matsuura 01.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' By the way, aren't you a good friend of the Yashiro Commissioner?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 12 matsuura 02.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Please put in some good words for me.

----
;(Go to the Kamisato Estate to meet Ayato)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 01.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Yashiro Commissioner, I'm sure you've heard the news... The Tenryou Commission has now occupied Ritou, refusing to leave until we hand Lady Hiiragi over to them.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 02.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I realize I've greatly offended you with my atrocious actions, and I realize also that this must sound like the very height of absurdity, but please... have mercy, good sir...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I'm sorry, Mr. Matsuura, I'm exceptionally busy, and have but a moment to spare before my next engagement. I fear this leaves no time for small talk.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' So please, if you would be so kind, get straight to the point.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 03.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Ugh...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 04.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I know our apology means nothing to you, but we really have nothing else left to offer by this point. I'm terribly sorry... Everyone in the entire Kanjou Commission now realizes the gravity of this situation.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 05.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Lady Hiiragi is indispensable to us. We promise to always support her.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 06.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' So, would it be at all possible for you to talk to Sir Kujou once more, on our behalf?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You make it sound so easy. The Tri-Commission will be ridiculed by the public if we choose to withdraw the notices now and eat our words. What do you plan to do about this?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' To lose face for the Tri-Commission is to bring shame to Her Excellency. Are you and your associates ready to face the thunderous wrath of the Almighty Shogun?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 07.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' We... We'll take full responsibility. We'll publish a new notice and hold a conference to explain the situation. We will make sure that the public knows this was all a huge misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 08.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' We'll do everything we can to minimize the impact, everything we can...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' ...Master Matsuura, you should have known it would come to this. Whatever were you thinking?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But the Tri-Commission must always put the interests of Inazuma first, regardless of what Sir Kujou and I may feel at this present moment.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If the situation in Ritou is left to fester any further, things may get out of control. But Lady Hiiragi and the inhabitants of Ritou are innocent.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If we fail to contain the situation promptly, the rumor mill will wreak havoc on the Tri-Commission's reputation.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Try keeping a pet bird, you'll see what I mean. Songbirds who know how to hold a tune can be very pleasant to listen to, but they can also become irritating if they don't know when to stop.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' And as for the ones with excessively long tongues, well they're so insufferable that they can't be kept as pets at all... But it doesn't take a moment to cut out their tongues and silence them for good.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 09.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' ...Y&mdash;Yes... I understand!
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I've listened to your concerns, and I'll talk to Sir Kujou for you. But I can't guarantee that he will change his mind.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 10.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I understand. Thank you for your help, Yashiro Commissioner!
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Alright, you ought to return now. I'm sure you have a sizable mess to deal with back in the Kanjou Commission?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 matsuura 11.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Okay, then please excuse me... Thank you once again, Commissioner!
;(Matsuura leaves)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Ah yes, Lady Hiiragi, I have something to tell you. Would you mind?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Oh? Why, of course...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Sir Kamisato, you became a completely different person just now. It felt so intense.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Unruly servants like him need to be severely reprimanded. As a commissioner, the Almighty Shogun trusts me to do her will. I did as I should.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But now I'd like to take off my commissioner hat and share a personal story with you.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Oh, please. I'd love to hear it.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You must've heard that the Kamisato Clan once went through an extremely difficult period.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' My father worked incredibly hard to compensate for the grave errors made by the Kamisato Clan long ago and restore our reputation. The work took a toll on his health, and ultimately led to his untimely demise.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' My mother loved him dearly. She passed soon after.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This sudden turn of events dealt a heavy blow to the Yashiro Commission. Behind the scenes, things became very unstable.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Everyone thought that the Kamisato Clan had lost power. That made my sister and me nothing but burdens hindering the ambitions of others.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 21.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It may sound preposterous now, but I assure you that is the truth of what the Yashiro Commission has been through.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, pretty similar to how the Kanjou Commission is now...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 22.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Back then, I had no choice but to accept the position I was in. While I desperately looked around for powerful supporters, I endured smear campaigns and attempts to exploit me.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 23.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I had no other choice. I had to honor my parents' dying wishes, and I also had a young sister to take care of.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 24.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I didn't mind what became of me, but my family... No one can ever be allowed to trample over my precious family.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 25.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Fortunately, I persisted, and the Kamisato Clan was able to survive this storm.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 04.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' ...I think I now know where my sense of loss and confusion was coming from.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 05.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Shinnojou once told me that he saw what was in me, in a way that no one else did... That's why he couldn't bear to see me live the rest of my life depending on someone else...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 06.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I thought the reason I felt unsettled was because of uncertainty over getting married. But the fact is, it's because I felt too young and inexperienced to handle the situation facing me.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 26.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The reason why Sir Kujou was able to face the prospect of marriage so confidently is because he's prepared for anything.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 07.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' ...That's it. The situation I'm facing now is the same one he faced back then.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 08.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' When his clan was in crisis, he bravely drew his blade and challenged the Almighty Shogun. And now...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 09.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' It is time for me to make a stand, and become my own person.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 27.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Well said. I'm sure once you have grown and gained confidence, your father will be able to let go and allow you to decide how you want to live the rest of your life.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 28.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It might not sound exciting, but this kind of personal growth is a necessary step in the pursuit of true happiness.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 10.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' ...And I'm sure I can get there.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 11.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I will use this as an opportunity to take over the responsibilities of the Hiiragi Clan. I'll think about marriage again after everything is more settled.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 12.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' This puts less pressure on Kamaji, and means I can support and protect myself without having to worry about becoming a burden or dependent on someone else.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 29.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' My best wishes to both of you were and remain heartfelt. When the time comes for the wedding to go ahead, I will come to congratulate you once more.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 13.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Thank you, Sir Kamisato. I am grateful for everything you have shared with me.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 14.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Now, if you'll excuse me, I have a lot to deal with back home.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 30.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Take care, Lady Hiiragi. I'm confident that on your return, you will find your Kanjou Commission associates most receptive to your instruction.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 hiiragichisato 15.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Yes, in fact my recent experience suggests the same. Thank you once again.
;(Hiiragi Chisato leaves)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She really has the air of a leader now.
:{{DIcon}} She has a lot in common with Kamaji.
:{{DIcon}} They are really are a good match for each other.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hats off to you too, sir! Everyone thought there was no way out until you pulled that super smart strategy out of nowhere!
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 31.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' In fact, counter checking is a perfectly common maneuver in the game of chess.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 32.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Our rival this time was easy to deal with. He was smart, but short-sighted, and sloppy in his execution. This outcome is entirely within my expectation.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even so... Paimon could never come up with a plan that cunning in a whole lifetime!
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, it's kind of a relief to see that Chisato has decided to set the Hiiragi Clan straight.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 33.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I agree. Stability in Inazuma benefits me, as well. I wasn't about to pass up an opportunity to make less trouble for myself.
:{{DIcon}} Speaking about your stance...
:{{DIcon}} You weren't in this just to help Chisato, were you?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 34.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hahaha, well, the fact is that I am first and foremost the Yashiro Commissioner.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 35.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Perhaps for Master Matsuura, power is his life's pursuit. But for me, nothing matters more than the stability of Inazuma.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 36.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' A stable nation is the prerequisite for a stable Yashiro Commission. Only then can the Kamisato Clan and the other Yashiro Commission clans have a peaceful existence.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 37.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But human desire will always be a factor in the equation. This is not the first situation of its kind, nor will it be the last.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 38.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' All I have tried to do is make sure the three parties to the Tri-Commission serve to restrain each other. Stasis is not the only form of stability. A balance of power leaving no room for maneuver achieves the same end.
:{{DIcon}} Balance of power...
:{{DIcon}} Mutual restraint...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 39.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Another positive outcome is that everyone recognizes how important Lady Hiiragi is now. I think I did her a sizable favor in that regard.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 40.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Dealing with the Hiiragi Clan will be much easier for her than navigating a new and unfamiliar one.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, there were so many things at play over this one wedding...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait a second, you weren't trying to stop the wedding from the very beginning, were you!?
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 41.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hmm? I thought straight away it was bad timing. Nevertheless, everything I said to Hiiragi Chisato was entirely sincere.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 42.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If you choose to give up your stance on something once, you'll be having to compromise for the rest of your life.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 43.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I didn't want to see her suffer because she didn't realize what she was getting into.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 44.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Now, she has the chance to become her own person. Let's see who she becomes.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then, guess we'll have to wait and see...
:{{DIcon}} See you next time.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 45.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Alright, farewell and profuse thanks to you both. I shall have to host you at the Kamisato Estate when my sister is next available.
;(The Traveler and Paimon leave)
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Looks like everything's resolved.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Masterfully done, everything was perfect. Well, except for one minor detail... I somehow ended up with a glass of very peculiar-tasting milk.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 46.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hmm? Didn't you like it? I distinctly remember you saying you are quite partial to exotic flavors.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh, my lord...
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 47.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The Traveler had one of those as well.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 thoma 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo lrlq003 13 thoma 04b.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm sure (he's/she's) made a great impression on you.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 48a.ogg}} {{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 48b.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The Traveler did indeed play a critical role in this case. I'm sure both families would have been more guarded against me had (he/she) and (his/her) companion not been present.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 49.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It wouldn't have been so easy to get to the heart of the matter.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' There you go again, my lord. Placing the focus on other people while discreetly performing your job to perfection.
:{{A|vo lrlq003 13 ayato 50.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Naturally. Ah yes, now that we're both free, let's finish off that game of chess we started a few days ago.
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Thoma or Ayato again after the quest ends &mdash; if the player re-enters the Kamisato Estate)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Actually, I don't think there's much point continuing that game... I'm pretty sure I don't have a chance of winning.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hehe, well, I've forgotten where we left off amidst the activity of the past few days. Don't you want to take this opportunity to try and best me for once?
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq003 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you say so... alright, I'll give it my best shot!

;(Read the bulletin board)
:'''Shogunate Announcement:''' Please take note that the announcement concerning the marriage between Sir Kujou Kamaji and Lady Hiiragi Chisato has been found to have been released in error due to a miscommunication within the Kanjou Commission.
:'''Shogunate Announcement:''' We sincerely apologize for any subsequent confusion or misunderstandings.
:'''Shogunate Announcement:''' The staff involved have been held to severe account, and the Shogunate wishes again to emphasize the importance of communication and discipline.
:'''Shogunate Announcement:''' Let it be known that the matrimonial ceremonies have been delayed, and that further details will become available at a later date.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Wind Settles
|zhs     = 棋定风寂
|zhs_rm  = Qí Dìng Fēng Jì
|zht     = 棋定風寂
|zht_rm  = Qí Dìng Fēng Jí
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 嵐の後の静けさ
|ja_rm   = Arashi no Ato no Shizukesa
|ja_tl   = The Calm After the Storm
|ko      = 멈춰 선 바람
|ko_rm   = Meomchwo Seon Baram
|ko_tl   = The Stopped Wind
|es      = El viento amaina
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Alors que le vent s'apaise...
|fr_tl   = While the Wind Dies Down...
|ru      = Стихает ветер
|ru_tl   = Wind goes silent
|th      = วางหมากสยบสายลม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gió Lặng
|vi_tl   = Silent<!--Calm?--> Wind
|de      = Der Wind lässt nach
|de_tl   = The Wind Subsides
|id      = Badai Sudah Berlalu
|id_tl   = The Storm Has Passed
|pt      = O Vento Para e A Partida Termina
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}