{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22041
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission The Cat's Trail.png
|startLocation = [[Asase Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Seirai Island
|subarea       = Asase Shrine
|characters    = "Konbumaru"; Neko; Paimon; Traveler
|npc           = Neko
|requirement   = Complete [[Neko Is a Cat]] [[World Quest]] Series
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''The Cat's Trail''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Asase Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]. It is unlocked after completing the {{Quest|Neko Is a Cat}}.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Neko]]
#Look for [["Konbumaru"]]
#Talk to Neko

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Neko," the Asase Shrine's provisionary head priestess, seems to be troubled about something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Neko:''' You time your arrival well. I was just fretting about something.
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Neko:''' Do you recall that child, Konbumaru?
:'''Neko:''' That little rascal went off to play nearby and has not returned. I am most worried.
:'''Neko:''' Please, help to search for Konbumaru and bring him back.
:{{DIcon}} Consider it done.
::'''Neko:''' Wonderful. Remember, you need to find Konbumaru and bring him back.
:{{DIcon}} It is the only one who ran off?
::'''Neko:''' Indeed... Perhaps it was my previous scolding that displeased it so.
::'''Neko:''' Ah, why will this child not listen to instruction...
::'''Neko:''' Either way, please find Konbumaru and bring him back here.

;(Talk to Neko again)
:'''Neko:''' I am counting on you to bring Konbumaru back to this shrine.
----
:'''Paimon:''' Neko said Konbumaru should be around here somewhere. Let's take a closer look.
:'''Paimon:''' Listen, it sounds like there's a little kitten nearby... Let's follow the sounds it's making as we search.

;(Upon exiting the quest area)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Can't hear that kitten anymore. Is it gone or something?

;(Upon failing the challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Can't hear that kitten anymore. Is it gone or something?

;(Upon finding "Konbumaru")
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! It jumped right into your arms, didn't it? Well, guess we're taking it home now.
----
;(Talk to Neko)
:'''Neko:''' How does your task go? Have you found Konbumaru?
:{{DIcon}} Sure did.
:{{Black Screen|Konbumaru jumps out of your arms and disappears again...}}
:'''Paimon:''' ...Wait, what? It's run off again!
:{{DIcon}} I'll go get it back!
:{{DIcon}} Well, I never...
:'''Neko:''' No, there's no need to give chase.
:'''Neko:''' It is me that that child is still angry at... I will teach them a lesson personally later.
:'''Neko:''' Ah, it is almost old enough to be an adult cat. Why is it still so stubborn? What would we do if it frightened the humans coming to the shrine?
:'''Neko:''' Right. This is for you as thanks for your help.
:'''Neko:''' *sigh* Why can't this child be as teachable as [[Meshi]]...
{{Dialogue End}}
<!-- datamined
"Paimon": "Eh? It came back by itself. What a strange kitty..."
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Cat's Trail
|zhs     = 猫之迹
|zhs_rm  = Māo zhī Jì
|zht     = 貓之跡
|zht_rm  = Māo zhī Jī
|zh_tl   = The Cat's Trace
|ja      = 猫の跡
|ja_rm   = Neko no Ato
|ja_tl   = The Cat's Trace
|ko      = 고양이의 흔적
|ko_rm   = Goyang'i-ui Heunjeok
|ko_tl   = The Cat's Trace
|es      = Rastro felino
|es_tl   = Feline Trail
|fr      = Sur la piste du chat
|fr_tl   = On the Cat's Trail
|ru      = Кошачьи следы
|ru_tl   = Cat's Trail
|th      = เส้นทางแมวเหมียว
|th_rm   = Senthang Maeo Miao
|th_tl   = The Cat's Trail
|th_note = {{th|แมวเหมียว|rm=maeo miao}} literally translates to "cat meow." In this case, the combination of words is used to refer to cats in a cutesy manner.
|vi      = Dấu Tích Mèo
|vi_tl   = The Cat's Trace
|de      = Die Spuren der Katze
|de_tl   = The Traces of the Cat
|id      = Jejak Kucing
|id_tl   = The Cat's Trail
|pt      = A Trilha do Gato
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Kedinin Ayak İzleri
|tr_tl   = The Cat's Footprints
|it      = Tracce feline
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|Standalone}}

[[es:Rastro felino]]
[[pt-br:A Trilha do Gato]]
[[ru:Кошачьи следы]]