{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73500
|image         = Event Quest The Unappreciated Carving.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alia; Collei; Fayez; Mamdouh; Paimon; Qasit; Razi; Ruhi; Tanger; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|next          = Selling Like Hot Carvings
|rewards       = Primogem*80;Mora*20,000;Exquisite Kamera*1;Hero's Wit*2
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Graven Innocence]] event
|event_name    = Graven Innocence
|part          = 1
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Unappreciated Carving''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Graven Innocence]] event.

The quest automatically starts after completing the [[Archon Quest]], [[The Trail of the God of Wisdom]]. Alternatively, the quest can be started by clicking on the Quick Start button on the event page.

==Steps==
# Talk to the troubled artisan
# Go to [[Gandharva Ville]] and find [[Tanger]]
#* You will receive [[Collei]] for completing this part
# Follow [[Razi]] to find Tanger
# Talk to Tanger
# Follow Tanger
# Find the Aranara's trail (0/3)
# Talk to Tanger
# Go to the encampment at night (00:00 – 04:00 the next day)
# Talk to Paimon
# Find Collei
# Talk to Tanger
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
*
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|For reasons unknown, two craftsmen are sighing over a unique carving in the open market of Port Ormos...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the artisan)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Port Ormos]] is pretty great! There's so many new and interesting things, not to mention all the tasty food!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sumeru's largest commercial port sure lives up to its name! Look at all the merchants, and everyone seems excited just to be here.
:{{DIcon}} Not everyone, I'm sure.
:{{DIcon}} No one quite as excited as Paimon.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 01.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' *sigh* How did things end up like this?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 01.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' All thanks to your "artistic license," that's how. I should've made you wait until we got an update from Tanger.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 02.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' But when I finished the [[Prototype Aranara]] yesterday, you agreed that the kids would like it! That's why we tried bringing it out for a test run today.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 02.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Well... I never thought they'd dislike it so much.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 03.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' *sigh* What should we do...
:{{DIcon}} There we go. They sound distinctly less than excited.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, yeah, compared to everyone else, they seem really down in the dumps! Let's go find out what's going on.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there! Paimon's name's Paimon, and {{Traveler}}'s a traveler who was just passing by. Is there something bothering you?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 04.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' Oh! I noticed you two a moment ago. Welcome to [[Acara Crafts]], the best toy store in Port Ormos... at least for now.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 05.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' What's bothering us is this Prototype Aranara... To start with, could I get your opinion on it?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Prototype Aranara"? Uh, you mean this wood-carving here? Looks like a mushroom monster to Paimon.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like [[Prototype Series|the name of a weapon]].
::{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 06a.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' No, no, the Prototype Aranara is something that brings joy and laughter to children... at least, in theory.
:{{DIcon}} But it doesn't look very happy.
::{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 06b.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' *sigh*... There we have it, the verdict is in. What a headache.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 03.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Not the first negative feedback we've had.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what exactly is a Prototype Aranara?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 04.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' So for context, [[Aranara]] are magical creatures in Sumeru fairytales that live in the forest.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 05.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' For the store's 20th anniversary, we planned to release a series of hand-carved toys based on the Aranara stories that kids know and love.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 06.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' This is a prototype we made to get an idea of how they would react.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 07.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' But when we put it out there... the reaction was... not quite what we'd anticipated.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They thought it looked like a mushroom too, huh?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 08.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' No, worse than that, actually... I can't quite describe it though, and I'm also not very good with kids. Maybe you could ask them for yourselves?
:;(Traveler and Paimon approach the 3 children)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 qasit 01.ogg}} '''Qasit:''' This is not an Aranara! No way!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 qasit 02.ogg}} '''Qasit:''' I've read Uncle [[Tanger]]'s "Aranara and the Ill Little Fungus," it says that Aranara are supposed to be chubby and squishy. The carving looks nothing like that!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, toys do look better when they're round and chubby.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 alia 01.ogg}} '''Alia:''' Uncle Tanger said in "Aranara's Vow" that you can deceive the eyes, but you can't deceive the heart.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 alia 02.ogg}} '''Alia:''' This carving makes me feel lost and confused inside... I don't think the creator put his heart into it at all. It's nothing like an Aranara.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Didn't put his heart into it, huh? Sounds like one of those things that's easier said than understood.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 ruhi 01.ogg}} '''Ruhi:''' [[Qasit]] and [[Alia]] didn't like this carving, but I think it's okay.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 ruhi 02.ogg}} '''Ruhi:''' It doesn't look too happy, so it's kind of pitiful in a cute way.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! A positive review!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 ruhi 03.ogg}} '''Ruhi:''' Yeah! So I would totally ask my dad to get it for me... if it wasn't meant to be an Aranara.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Well that took a sudden turn for the worse.
:;(Traveler and Paimon walk back to Mamdouh)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We asked the children for their opinions.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 07.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' How did it go? Has it maybe... grown on them at all?
:{{DIcon}} Unfortunately, no.
:{{DIcon}} I'm starting to understand how you feel.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 08.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' Oh, this is such a shame... Why isn't Tanger back from [[Gandharva Ville]] yet?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! The kids kept mentioning an "Uncle Tanger," too. Who is he, exactly?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 09.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' "Uncle Tanger" is a famous children's author here in Port Ormos.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 10.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' He wrote quite a few stories in the past, but none of them were popular among children. Just like our Prototype Aranara.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 11.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' But around a year or so ago, he suddenly had a eureka moment or something, and suddenly the children loved every one of his stories.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 09.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' That's right. My little [[Ghafari]] loves his stories too. The whole reason we decided to make these carvings was because we saw just how popular the Aranara are among children.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 10.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' We asked Tanger for guidance, but right after he agreed, he went off to Gandharva Ville with his son to look for inspiration. They haven't returned yet.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 11.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' We were running out of time, so we had no choice but to carve an Aranara based on our own imaginations.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 fayez 12.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' As you can see, this was the result... *sigh*
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 12.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' *sigh* We have to do something...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 13.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' Hey, since you're the famous Traveler, could you do us a favor and look for Tanger in Gandharva Ville?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 14.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' He doesn't have to come in person if he's too busy. Just ask him to write down his suggestions and bring his notes back to us, if you could.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 mamdouh 15.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' Please, if only to put a smile on the children's faces... And of course, you'll be well compensated for doing us the favor!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They seem pretty desperate. {{Traveler}}, let's help them out to see the kids' smiles and also for our reward.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, we'll do it to see the kids smile.
::{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 15a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup! Let's do it!
:{{DIcon}} Okay, we'll do it so that Paimon can get her rewards.
::{{A|vo mkeq001 1 paimon 15b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay! Rewards!

;(Talk to Mamdouh again)
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 mamdouh 01.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' Every new toy we've ever launched at [[Acara Crafts]] has always had kids from all over Port Ormos flocking here to buy it.
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 mamdouh 02.ogg}} '''Mamdouh:''' We thought our Aranara carvings would be a big hit too. Who would've thought...

;(Talk to Fayez)
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 fayez 01.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Tanger takes his son with him everywhere he goes. The two of them are very close.
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 fayez 02.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Maybe that's why he's able to come up with such great stories.
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 fayez 03.ogg}} '''Fayez:''' Anyway, were counting on you. Please find Tanger for us.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Tanger's supposed to be here in Gandharva Ville looking for inspiration, but how do we find him?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Should we... yell his name at the top of our lungs?
:{{DIcon}} That sounds like a bad idea.
:{{DIcon}} We might alert the [[Forest Rangers]].
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey buddy, what's your name? What are you doing here all alone? Do you live in Gandharva Ville?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Regardless, don't worry. As a Trainee Forest Ranger, I'll do everything I can to help you.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 01.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Hi, Miss Forest Ranger! I'm [[Razi]]. Don't mind me, I know the way back to Gandharva Ville.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 03.ogg}} '''???:''' When people say "Don't mind me," what they really mean is "Don't worry about me." That's all the more reason not to leave you alone.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 02.ogg}} '''Razi:''' ...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 03.ogg}} '''Razi:''' *sob*...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Hey, don't cry... What's wrong? Take your time, you can tell me all about it.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That voice sounds familiar... Paimon's heard it somewhere before.
:{{DIcon}} We heard it right here in Gandharva Ville.
:{{DIcon}} It's [[Collei]].
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohhh, it's Collei! And a child who seems to be upset. Let's go say hi.
:;(The Traveler and Paimon walk up to Collei and Razi)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi, Collei! How have you been?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Ah, Paimon and {{Traveler}}! I've been doing pretty well, thanks for asking. I'm helping Master [[Tighnari]] patrol the forest. What brings you here?
:{{Introductory Note|Collei}}
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're here on an errand. We heard your voice, so we thought we'd come ask you for help.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You seem kinda busy though...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 04a.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Um... I'll be fine. You go help them first, Miss Forest Ranger. I'm okay, really! The sand got into my eyes, that's all!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (What a well-mannered child.)
:{{DIcon}} (We can't just leave him here.)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Sand? There's not a lot of sand in a forest. You keep saying you're okay because you don't want us to know what you're upset about, right?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 05.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Maybe...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' That's exactly why you have to get it off your chest.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Here's a trick. If you're keeping a secret that bothers you, you can try telling it all to a tree hollow.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 06.ogg}} '''Razi:''' A tree hollow?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yeah, a tree hollow! Do you know Tanger's stories? The Aranara living in the forest will patiently listen to every word children say.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Maybe there really are Aranara living in the tree hollows that will listen to you.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 07.ogg}} '''Razi:''' You like the Aranara stories, too!?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 11.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Of course, I love them!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 08.ogg}} '''Razi:''' People who like Aranara are the best! Okay... I'll try telling my secrets to a tree hollow. Thanks, Miss Forest Ranger, you know everything!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 12.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Hehe... You're just exaggerating. Anyway, I'm trying to be like my friend, who always does her best to cheer people up when they seem sad.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 13.ogg}} '''Collei:''' So, how're you doing? Feeling any better now? The forest is very dangerous, so how about we stick together?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 razi 09.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Sure!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Collei's so good with kids.
:{{DIcon}} A Forest Ranger you can trust.
:{{DIcon}} You handled that expertly.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 14.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Well, helping children who are lost in the rainforest is all part of a Forest Ranger's duty.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 15.ogg}} '''Collei:''' So, what was it you wanted help with? You're not lost too, are you?
:{{DIcon}} No, no.
:{{DIcon}} We actually wanna go deeper into the forest.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Collei about the situation at Acara Crafts.}}
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 16.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Okay, so you're looking for a children's author from Port Ormos called Tanger... and he's here in Gandharva Ville looking for inspiration...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 17.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Wait. When you say Tanger... Do you mean "the" Tanger?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's right, Uncle Tanger!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 18.ogg}} '''Collei:''' So he's in the area? Looking for inspiration for a new story as we speak?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 19.ogg}} '''Collei:''' This is amazing, could you wait for me for a second? I'll run Razi back to Gandharva Ville and then I'll be right back!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 4 collei 20.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I've always been curious what the man behind those incredible stories is like in person.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's a genius who spends a lot of time in solitary confinement.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's from a wealthy family.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe he's one of Lesser Lord Kusanali's familiars.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 razi 01.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Tanger's just a normal guy....
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Even so, he must be more creative than most people.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Wait, hold on! Razi, do you mean you've met Tanger before?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 razi 02.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Mm-hmm... He's my dad.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your dad!? Tanger's your dad? As in, you're Tanger's son?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 razi 03.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Mm-hmm.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon sees! That guy at Acara Crafts told us that Tanger brought his son along with him. So he meant Razi.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you here on your own, though? Did you and Tanger get separated?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 razi 04.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I... We had an argument... I was upset, so I ran off here by myself...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, in that case... We should take you back to Gandharva Ville first. Then we'll look for your dad and tell him where you are.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 razi 05.ogg}} '''Razi:''' No, I'm good! Thanks for your advice, Collei. I'm not so upset anymore.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 razi 06.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Come with me. I'll take you to him.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yay, thanks Razi! Paimon thought we'd be spending the whole day looking for him!
:{{DIcon}} Woohoo!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh my gosh, I can't believe I'm actually gonna meet "the" Tanger!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 5 razi 07.ogg}} '''Razi:''' ...
:;(Obtain [[Collei]])

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 7 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' So Tanger headed this way? I know this place pretty well. Follow me!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 8 tanger 01.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Razi! Where are you, Razi?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Someone's calling for Razi over there!

;(Talk to Tanger)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 01.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Oh, Razi! Thank goodness, I finally found you! What would I do without you, my son?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 02.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Were you in danger? Did the wild beasts scare you? Did the stars guide your way?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 razi 01a.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I'm okay... All thanks to their help.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 03.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Thank you! Thank you all! I dare say that even the most cold-hearted [[Spinocrocodile]] would be moved to tears by your kindness.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh, it's nothing. It's all part of my responsibility as a Trainee Forest Ranger. I'm the one who should thank you for creating so many wonderful stories for the children of Sumeru. I... I love them too!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 04.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Really? I didn't know anyone read my stories apart from young children. That must mean you're still in touch with your inner child!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 05.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Hmm, okay then... I have the inspiration for my next story. It shall be about an Aranara granny who's a child at heart!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' It's... it's an honor to become the source of your inspiration!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, Collei looks like she's about to pass out... Uhh, hey Collei, are you okay?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Ah, I'm okay. Sorry, I just got a little too excited.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 06.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Are you two story lovers as well? Yes... Yes! The moment I saw you, the image of an Aragiant and an Arafinch traveling together popped into my mind!
:{{DIcon}} We've been tasked with seeking your help.
::{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 07a.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Oh? Who asked for my help? My sincerest apologies, but I have fans all over Sumeru... Trying to remember every last one is like trying to identify each grain of sand in the desert.
:{{DIcon}} Yup, I'm the Aragiant and she's the Arafinch!
::{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 07b.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Ah, excellent, improvisation! Yes, mount your trusty steed of imagination and canter through the lush meadows of lyrical expression... you have the potential to become a celebrated storyteller too, you know!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm... Seems like Tanger has a slightly exaggerated view of what it means to be a children's author...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, Paimon's not a finch! That's nothing to get excited about.
:{{DIcon}} Let's put the jokes aside and get down to business.
:{{Black Screen|You tell Tanger about the situation at Acara Crafts.}}
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 08.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Acara Crafts... Acara Crafts...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 09.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Oh! Oh right, right! I remember now. That small boat once sailed into the sea of my memory, but before long, it floated away over the horizon, never to be seen again.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 10.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Perhaps for the best: After all, a wild tempest was a-raging in Tanger Harbor.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, what? Paimon has no idea what he's saying...
:{{DIcon}} Me neither.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What should we do? Do you think we should get Tighnari to take a look at him?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 razi 02.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Dad's saying he forgot about helping the people at Acara Crafts learn more about Aranara, because right now, he has something more important to do.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, THAT's what he meant... Well, there it is, all the proof you needed that this kid is definitely Tanger's son.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, no, this isn't the time for all that. Tanger, your help is pretty vital to the toymakers. You gotta do something!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 11.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' But the garden that blooms before my eyes is of greater importance. For therein lies the beautiful Padisarah that all the children of Sumeru dream of.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 12.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I, Tanger, have found evidence of Aranara activity right here in the Avidya Forest! Conclusively proving that Aranara not only exist in stories, but in real life too!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 13.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' If I manage to document the first real-life Aranara sighting, the petty problems that perplex Acara Crafts will be untangled in no time.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 14.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Meanwhile, I may well be able to leverage this to assume leadership of the Akademiya. Then, all across Sumeru will know of the great Tanger living in humble Port Ormos!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 razi 03.ogg}} '''Razi:''' ...*sigh*.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Um...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I haven't written any papers myself, but I think you need to have a bunch of them approved by the review board before entering the Akademiya. You also need a detailed and objective experiment record.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Anyway, Tanger, what did you mean by "evidence of Aranara activity"?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 tanger 15.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' The hook's what's important in a story! The great storyteller Tanger never gives his audience the bait right away! Come with me!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Wait! Not that way...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Collei, what's wrong?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Nothing, but that way leads us deeper into the [[Avidya Forest]]. I'm just concerned for Tanger's safety.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 9 collei 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' And I think I'm starting to understand why Razi and Tanger were fighting...
:{{DIcon}} (Maybe there's something else going on.)
:{{DIcon}} (Maybe that's the secret Razi was keeping...)

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 10 tanger 01.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Just as I expected, the promise of one of my stories has kept you hot on my heels.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But this is just an ordinary tree hollow. Paimon's not seeing any evidence of Aranara.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 10 tanger 02.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' "You can deceive the eyes, but you can't deceive the heart." Look with your heart and you, too, will understand.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Paimon's not sure what "look with your heart" means, but anyway, let's start by investigating the area around this tree hollow.

;(Talk to Tanger again)
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 tanger 01.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' "You can deceive the eyes, but you can't deceive the heart." This line is at the beginning and also the end of "Aranara's Vow."
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 tanger 02.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I'm certain that in a hundred years' time, this line will become a famous proverb in Sumeru... don't you think?

;(Talk to Razi)
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 razi 01.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Dad never used to be like this... It's all my fault...

;(Talk to Collei)
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' ...
:{{A|vo dialog mkeq001 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Ah, I'm okay, you guys go ahead. I'm just a little tired.
----
;(Interact with the first note)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey look, there's a note here. Could this be the evidence that Tanger was talking about?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, the handwriting's so hard to read. "It's too hard! I can't remember the names of all these mushrooms"...?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do Aranara need to learn about mushroom classification...?

;(Interact with the second note)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here's another note that says, "This tree hollow is my castle."
:{{A|vo mkeq001 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds more like something an Aranara from the stories would say.

;(Interact with the third note)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's another one here! Hmm... "If only I were a clever Aranara."
:{{A|vo mkeq001 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A clever Aranara... Is the emphasis on "clever," or "Aranara"?

;(Talk to Tanger, Razi, or Collei)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 01.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' How does it feel to bear witness to a groundbreaking discovery? Exciting, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} What's so groundbreaking about it?
:{{DIcon}} They looked like messages left by children.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 02.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' The crude handwriting may look like a child's, but don't forget, we're in the middle of a rainforest.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 03.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I doubt that a child would be able to reach this deep into the forest, and I doubt even more that they would think of this lowly tree hollow as some sort of impenetrable castle.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 04.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I boldly hypothesize that this tree hollow is in fact the Aranara's Akademiya. The notes we saw were written by the Aranara themselves. There is no doubt in my mind about that.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 05.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' An Aranara that wasn't so bright left a note here wishing to become a "clever Aranara."
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 06.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I shall craft a new story for them and call it "The Aranara in the Tree Hollow"!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 07.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' How's that? Don't the very words just conjure up images of Aranara in your mind's eye?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, nope...
:{{DIcon}} Not at all...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 08.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Well, many an adventurer knows how to take to the skies with their easily visible wind gliders, yet they do not possess the invisible wings of imagination, making it hard for them to keep up with my train of thought.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 09.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' How about you, Miss Forest Ranger? Do you soar into the atmosphere on the wings of imagination?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh!? Me? I don't know... Maybe I do, but maybe not. Anyway... it has nothing to do with me, so...
:{{DIcon}} Collei, is everything okay?
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure you're not feeling unwell?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yeah, I'm fine. It's just that... witnessing Tanger's creative process is a little... um...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 10.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Overwhelming?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh yes, yes, overwhelming.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 11.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' For now, I've decided to stay here with Razi until we witness the legendary moment when the Aranara appear in this hollow.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 12.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Don't worry, I won't let the Acara Crafts toymakers down. When a real Aranara appears, their little troubles will be resolved in an instant.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He seems pretty stubborn. Looks like we'll have to stay here and wait a little longer.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No. I think we should return to our camp first.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Tanger, in "Aranara and the Ill Little Fungus," it says that {{sic|aranara}} are very sensitive creatures. I don't think they'll show up if we stay here.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 13.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Oh? Was that in the story? Ah... yes, I remember now. Miss Forest Ranger, you sure know your stuff!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 17 tanger 14.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' In that case, let's go back to camp and call it a day. We'll continue our search for evidence first thing in the morning.

;(Approach the camp at 00{{Colon}}00 – 04{{Colon}}00)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, {{Traveler}}, wake up.
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Did the Aranara show up?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not the Aranara, it's Collei... She's gone!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's been worried about Collei since last night. Even though she kept telling us she was okay, after we saw the "evidence of Aranara activity," she's been acting kinda strange.
:{{DIcon}} I noticed that too.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe Tanger was too much for her.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's go find her.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey look, aren't these Collei's footprints? But... why are they headed towards the tree hollow?

;(Approach the tree hollow)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Collei came back here alone. Is she waiting for the Aranara to show up?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' *sniff* And I thought this was a place nobody knew about... I never thought Tanger would find it, or that I would run into {{Traveler}} and Paimon...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' *sob* If I'd known, I would have just told the tree hollow instead of writing it down! There must be another way to practice my handwriting...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Now I've created a whole new problem for myself... What do I do now, dress up as an Aranara...?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' No, that won't work. I should be writing something that an Aranara would never say so that Tanger won't mistake me for one of them.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But what should I write? What should I write...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh! I've got it! There's no way Tanger could see this as the work of an Aranara.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the "evidence of Aranara activity" we saw during the day, was actually... evidence of Collei's activity.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why didn't she just tell Tanger?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps that's her secret.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! Collei told Razi that he could tell any secret to a tree hollow. Must be because that's what she does, and now she even writes it down.
:{{DIcon}} Collei must have her reasons.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right. We'll keep her secret for her!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 22 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like she's almost done writing. Let's head back.
:{{Black Screen|Early the next morning, Tanger excitedly takes everyone back to the tree hollow.}}
;(Talk to Tanger or Razi)
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 01.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Aha! There's a new note, just as I expected.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 02.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Yes, yes! It's the same handwriting, which means it must've been written by the same Aranara.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 03.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Let's see what it says...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, what could it be?
:{{DIcon}} What could it be?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 04.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' ...!?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 05.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' "I want to visit [[Mondstadt]] during the [[Ludi Harpastum]] again"...?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 06.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' No, that's impossible! This must be some kind of mistake! How could an Aranara go to Mondstadt for the Ludi Harpastum?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 07.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Even I would never write that into a fairy tale!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So in other words, the notes can't have been left by an Aranara.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yeah! If you ask me, they were probably left by a passing merchant from Mondstadt or something. Definitely not an Aranara.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 08.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' No! No, I refuse to believe it!
:{{Black Screen|Despite his denial, Tanger falls into a deep silence when faced by the facts.}}
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 09.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Please help Acara Crafts.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 10.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I can't...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean you can't? It's not like it'll take you a huge amount of effort.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' You've written so many stories beloved by the children. I'm sure you can help create carvings that are just as successful.
:{{DIcon}} I believe in you, Tanger.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 11.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' No! I can't do it!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 12.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I thought that if I could find an Aranara, I'd be able to help Acara Crafts.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 13.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' But it was someone from Mondstadt all along...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But you managed to write all those stories without ever having seen a real Aranara, right? What makes this so different?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 14.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I... um...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 15.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' *sigh* Razi, you tell them.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 01.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Really? Can I?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 16.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Yes, it's fine. Tell them, I know this is the moment you've been waiting for.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 02.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Okay.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 03a.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Collei, {{Traveler}}, Paimon. Do you remember when I said that there was a secret I didn't wanna tell anyone?
:{{DIcon}} Yup, I do.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 04.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I didn't want to tell anyone the secret, but it made me feel very sad and also turned Dad into a completely different person.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 05.ogg}} '''Razi:''' So... I think I should tell you.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 06.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Dad isn't the one who came up with all those Aranara stories.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' What? Hold on, so if Uncle Tanger wasn't the author, then... who was it? Ah, wait, you don't mean...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 07.ogg}} '''Razi:''' It was me.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 08.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Dad's been telling stories in Port Ormos for as long as I can remember. I always got to listen to all his new stories.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 09.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Every night, Dad would give me a [[Zaytun Peach]] for dinner, and I'd eat it while he told his stories.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 10.ogg}} '''Razi:''' The Zaytun Peaches were delicious, but Dad's stories were really bad. He always uses sentences that are really hard to understand, and... strange uh, metaphors I think they're called?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 11.ogg}} '''Razi:''' But Dad kept on going, telling his stories again and again. One time, he even borrowed a [[Kamera]] from [[Lord Sangemah Bay]]'s shop and got me to take pictures of him in action.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 12.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Dad showed me the picture and said that it shall become the precious record of Sumeru's best storyteller early in his career.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 13.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Even though I only had Zaytun Peaches to eat and not-so-great stories to listen to, I was happy.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 14.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Then, one day, I tried telling Dad a story I came up with.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 15.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Dad seemed really excited from the very beginning.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 16.ogg}} '''Razi:''' He looked really happy. He lifted me up high into the air and told me to continue.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 17.ogg}} '''Razi:''' He lifted me up so high that I was looking down at him. As I continued with my story, I saw his expression gradually change.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 18.ogg}} '''Razi:''' And when I got to my favorite part, Dad started crying. I guess he must've been moved by my story.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 19.ogg}} '''Razi:''' When Dad put me back down, I looked up at him again, but now he had a scary look in his eyes...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You remember it so vividly...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 17.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' It's not only Razi. I, too, remember every detail of what happened that day.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 18.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' After that, I gradually grew in fame and started making money. I became Sumeru's best storyteller, just as I always dreamed.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 19.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Finally, we could afford more than just Zaytun Peaches for dinner...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 20.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I thought it would make Razi happy.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 20.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I was really happy at first... but then everyone started calling me "Tanger's son" instead of "Razi."
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 21.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I kinda guessed why, but I also didn't wanna believe it.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 22.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Dad got busier with things that had nothing to do with storytelling... Like that request from Acara Crafts.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 23.ogg}} '''Razi:''' So I made up my mind that this time, I just wanna be good old Razi so that Dad will become good old Dad again...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 24.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Instead of Dad the way he is now, starting every story with "Dedicated to my dearest Razi"...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 25.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I prefer my Dad how he used to be, stumbling over words and not knowing how to end the story.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 26.ogg}} '''Razi:''' That's why I decided to keep how I imagined Aranara to look like, a secret.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... Paimon gets it now.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To sum up, all of Uncle Tanger's fairytales were actually stories written by Razi.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And because Razi didn't want Tanger to keep living a lie, he refused to help him with Acara Crafts' commission.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 21.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' ...Yes. That's why I tried looking for possible evidence of Aranara. But it turned out that I was just being a clown, as always, and not even a funny one.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 22.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I'm a terrible father.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 23.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' I'm sorry, Razi... I'm so sorry...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 24.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' And I owe you all an apology, too, for wasting your time.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 25.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Razi's the only one who can help Acara Crafts. If you can manage to persuade him, that is. Right now, I think I just want to find a tree hollow and be quiet for a while.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... are we gonna let this happen?
:{{DIcon}} It's up to Razi.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 27.ogg}} '''Razi:''' You want me to help Acara Crafts with their carving?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 28.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I did mention what the Aranara look like in my stories, but to make a carving, we might need more details...
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 29a.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Collei, {{Traveler}}, and Paimon, I might need your help on this one.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 30.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I've never really left Port Ormos before. This is my first time in Gandharva Ville... well, it's my first time being so far from home.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 31.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Sumeru is so much bigger than I thought. Seeing new places has given me loads of new ideas for my Aranara stories.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 32.ogg}} '''Razi:''' So I wanna visit more places in Sumeru. That way, I can help Acara Crafts create an Aranara carving that everyone will love.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 33.ogg}} '''Razi:''' And I also wanna take pictures of Dad everywhere that we travel to.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 26.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' You... you still want me to come with you? Even after all I've done?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 34.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Yeah, of course! C'mon, you're the best Dad ever.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 05.ogg}} '''Collei:''' This is the happiest Razi has sounded since we met him.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 35.ogg}} '''Razi:''' I wanna thank you, Collei.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 06.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh? Me? I... I didn't do anything to help.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 36.ogg}} '''Razi:''' You told me about telling my secrets to a tree hollow.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 37.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Even though I didn't have the time to find a tree hollow, telling everyone my secret made me feel so much better.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 07.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Yeah... It's hard to keep too many secrets, and there's no need to hide our mistakes from others all the time.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 08.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I made a lot of mistakes back in Mondstadt. But when I look back on them, it all feels more like a new beginning.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 09.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I'm sure this experience will be the same for Tanger.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 27.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Yes. I'll do my best to become a good father again.
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 28.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Wait... did you just say you've been to Mondstadt...?
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 10.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Ah! Um, I just, uh... just passed by once! Never mind that &mdash; come on now, Acara Crafts is waiting for us!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 collei 11.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Let's go, Razi! Grab that Kamera and see what hidden inspiration you can discover along the way!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 razi 38.ogg}} '''Razi:''' Okay, let's go! C'mon, Dad!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 tanger 29.ogg}} '''Tanger:''' Razi, slow down and watch your step.
:{{DIcon}} Looks like everyone's in good spirits.
:{{DIcon}} Let's catch up with them!
:{{A|vo mkeq001 23 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Unappreciated Carving
|zhs     = 被嫌弃的木刻
|zhs_rm  = Bèi Xiánqì de Mùkè
|zht     = 被嫌棄的木刻
|zht_rm  = Bèi Xiánqì de Mùkè
|zh_tl   = The Shunned Wood Carving
|ja      = うとまれた木彫り
|ja_rm   = Udomareta Kibori
|ja_tl   = Ostracized Woodcarving
|ko      = 인기 없는 목각
|ko_rm   = Ingi Eomneun Mokgak
|ko_tl   = Unpopular Woodcarving
|es      = La figura de madera menospreciada
|es_tl   = The Despised Wooden Figure
|fr      = Des figurines dédaignées
|fr_tl   = Despised Figurines
|ru      = Отвергнутая игрушка
|ru_tl   = Rejected Toy
|th      = ไม้แกะสลักที่โดนรังเกียจ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tượng Gỗ Bị Ghét Bỏ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verschmähte Holzfigur
|de_tl   = Rejected Wooden Figure
|id      = Ukiran Kayu yang Tidak Diinginkan
|id_tl   = The Unwanted Wooden Carving
|pt      = A Escultura Não Apreciada
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:La figura de madera menospreciada]]
[[pt-br:A Escultura Não Apreciada]]
[[ru:Отвергнутая игрушка]]