{{About|the Quest Domain|other uses|The Realm Within (Disambiguation)}}
{{Domain Infobox
|title        = The Realm Within
|image        = 
|type         = Quest
|description  = 
|quest        = The Realm Within
|quest_type   = Archon
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Sea of Clouds
|subarea      = Liyue Harbor
|requiredAR   = 29
|recLevel     = 
|recElements  = 
}}
'''The Realm Within''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Quest Domain]] during the {{Quest|The Realm Within}}. The Traveler enters [[Madame Ping]]'s teapot during this quest.

==Walkthrough==
Search for the [[Cleansing Bell]] inside the domain
# Kill the Spider and the Electro Slimes.
# Activate the device to create a bridge.
# Kill the Geo Slime and the Spider.
# Activate the device to create a wind current and glide up to the next platform.
# Cross the disappearing platforms.
#* There is an Exquisite [[Chest]] at the lone island to the left of disappearing stone platforms. Glide down towards the island and climb up to open the chest
# Kill the Electro/Hydro Slimes.
# Kill the Spider to destroy the cobwebs.
# Kill the Cryo/Hydro Slimes, then the Cryo/Electro Slimes.
#* There is a Common Chest here.
#* Destroy the thorns next to the wall and the chest will be seen after turning right
# Activate the device to create a wind current and glide up to the next platform.
# Activate the device to create a bridge.
# Take the bell on the final platform.

==Enemies==
* {{Enemy|Electro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Geo Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Hydro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Cryo Slime}}

==Dialogue==
{{Transclude|The Realm Within|Inside the Teapot}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=domain}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/QcwL8TVfMMY
|caption1 = Inside the Teapot Guide (2 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|The Realm Within}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Temporary}}

[[ja:壺の中 (秘境)]]