{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Divina Vulpes Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Divina Vulpes Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Yae Miko
|ARReq          = 40
|keyReq         = 1
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter II]]: Act III - [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]]
|storyQuestReq  = [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II - [[Transient Dreams]]
}}
'''The Great Narukami Offering''' is the first act of [[Yae Miko]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Divina Vulpes Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs a [[Story Key]], must have completed [[Chapter II]]: Act III - [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]], [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act II - [[Transient Dreams]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] learns of a mysterious rumor over a newly published book turned out to have the events of a supernatural involving [[youkai]].

==List of Quests==
# [[Mysterious Urban Legend]]
# [[Friendship in Writing]]
# [[A Centuries-Long Dream]]
# [[Banquet of Parting]]

==Summary==
===Mysterious Urban Legend===
Taking a stroll across [[Hanamizaka]], [[Paimon]] remarks on how they have not visited the [[Yae Publishing House]] in a while when they spot two men, [[Takatoshi]] and [[Kiyoto]] are arguing over something. Joining in on the conversation, Takatoshi tells them of a rumored wish ritual that would grant people whatever they desire; one of the people he knew owed debts, only to follow the ritual and become rich. Takatoshi suggests they talk to others if they're skeptical of the claims.

The Traveler heads to the Yae Publishing House where they find the editors debating to follow said rumors. [[Junkichi]] then tells them that a new book, "[[A Firsthand Guide to Summoning Spirits]]", has taken the sales by storm but wasn't sold from the print house. While acknowledging that people's wishes to become true, they had also begun to act odd. Paimon then suggests to the Traveler they visit Miko at the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]].

Arriving at the shrine, Miko is surprised to see the Traveler and Paimon. Paimon wonders if they've entered at a bad time, which Miko insists they aren't, but the man next to them, [[Katou Youhei]], states that his brother is in grave danger. Youhei states that his brother wanted to learn from [[Domon]] a few days ago but was promptly refused due to not being skilled enough. Taking it as an apparent insult, he kept training and defeated his best disciple, but has begun to act odd ever since and believes he may have been possessed by a spirit. Miko then has the Traveler and Paimon deal with him, since she needs to see their sincerity as they've come to ask her of something but promises to accompany them.

Making their way to [[Konda Village]], Youhei takes them to the tree where his brother had been meditating but he is nowhere to be seen. Miko tells him to get some salt for the exorcism; as he does so, she suggests to the Traveler they ask the locals about the two brothers. By this time, Youhei had returned with the salt and his brother's whereabouts, so they go off to exorcise Shingo.

When they arrive, they find Shingo muttering to himself before he notices them and begins approaching them. Miko forces Youhei to confess, in which he reveals that he and his brother used the ritual from the rumored book. He had come to Miko late because he wanted to open the dojo first and pay off their debts while hoping to keep his sword skills intact. Miko informs him that it is the spirit, not Shingo, possessing the skills. She also remarks that as the two performed it together, the spirit would go for Youhei if Shingo was incapacitated in any way. Miko tells the Traveler to throw salt at Shingo, causing him to collapse and the spirit to emerge who challenges the Traveler and is defeated, fading away in content.

As the Katou brothers regain consciousness, Miko lectures them on the spirits and they leave. She shows no interest in the new book despite Paimon insisting it could be a problem until [[Kuroda]] comes in and informs her that the said book is causing their shares to drop. She tells them to meet her at the publishing house, declaring war against the new book.

===Friendship in Writing===
Arriving at the publishing house, Miko had read the new book and was impressed by its writing style, as the readers are drawn to it. She states that in order combat the craze surrounding the book, they need to make a new novel to regain the readers and lost shares. She tells them that a convention is being hosted nearby and asks them to get some ideas from the people attending so they could make their own novel and that she'll be waiting in [[Uyuu Restaurant]] once they're done.

Nearby at the convention, the Traveler asks around and gains some information. When they arrive at the restaurant, Miko had already assembled her team from the print house. The Traveler creates chapters relating to their travels in [[Mondstadt]], [[Liyue]] and [[Inazuma]], which Miko approves and the team sets off to work. Miko submits the novel on the Traveler's behalf and being informed of the three that it'll take a minimum of three days for the results to show.

After three days pass, while their novel is a rousing success, Miko had managed to track down the author of the spirit book, Tomoyuki, a failed light novelist who had been possessed by a spirit. However, the spirit actively sought him out, so Miko surmises that they should be able to summon it with the method that it wrote in the book. In the beach underneath the city, they come across an underground entrance that would be able to evoke the spirit better.

===A Centuries-Long Dream===
Entering the underground facility, they come upon a faded mirror and an unusual painting. After preparing the area, Miko has the Traveler sit down and think of various wishes to entice the spirit to possess them. The spirit possesses them and claims to bring ruin into Inazuma before it and Miko have a hearty laugh. Miko recognizes the spirit as [[Urakusai]], a powerful Daiyouko youkai and a friend of hers. Urakusai's memories were evoked as a result of the [[rifthounds]] gnawing away at the Sacred Sakura [[Transient Dreams|before]]; while traveling its roots, he heard Tomoyuki's pleas and possessed him to create the summoning novel. He had no malicious intentions with the book, as he had written the incantation so that other youkai spirits could enjoy life and leave without regrets, having been fond of humanity due to their aspirations.

Urakusai admits defeat much to Miko's delight. Wishing to conserve the remnants of his energy, he asks Miko a final question onto her well-being. Miko remarks on how she's always been content and that even [[Ei]] has changed, stating that he would fit in this era were he still alive. Urakusai wishes for himself and the others to do a "Hyakkiyakou" before they leave which Miko promises before they leave the Traveler's body. When the Traveler comes to, having heard everything but unable to partake, Miko asks them to help with the ritual.

===Banquet of Parting===
Returning to the Grand Narukami Shrine, the Traveler meets Miko who is about to start the ritual. Normally, the youkai would fly themselves, but as they are all spirits, she would assist them in the process. However, she asks them to evacuate everyone in the area to reduce the chances of someone getting possessed. She also has them make sure that none of the monsters try to climb up [[Mt. Yougou]] as the concentrated youkai energy would likely rile them. After informing everyone to leave, they head to the road leading to the mountain and fend off the agitated enemies.

With all the enemies cleared out, they return to the shrine and perform the ritual, with the people of Inazuma City unknowingly following suit from the newly published book. As Miko bids farewell to the youkai memories, Paimon asks if she's all right. As she and the Traveler are quite insistent, she asks them to treat her to a meal. When they arrive at the restaurant, she is nowhere to be seen so they head inside, where they find her enjoying a huge feast. Paimon then realizes that she had played them, much to her amusement. As the invocations did not grant anyone's wishes, Miko tells them that she's expecting the next chapter of their novel soon with a new idea.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|The Great Narukami Offering|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Great Narukami Offering
|zhs     = 鸣神御祓祈愿祭
|zhs_rm  = Míngshén Yù Fú Qíyuàn Jì
|zht     = 鳴神御祓祈願祭
|zht_rm  = Míngshén Yù Fú Qíyuàn Jì
|zh_tl   = Narukami Grand {{w|Harae}} Offering Festival
|ja      = 鳴神御祓祈願祭
|ja_rm   = Narukami Oharai Kigansai{{assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Narukami Grand {{w|Harae}} Offering Festival
|ko      = 나루카미 기원제
|ko_rm   = Narukami Giwonje
|ko_tl   = Narukami Prayer Ritual
|es      = La gran ofrenda de Narukami
|es_tl   = The Great Narukami Offering
|fr      = La grande offrande de Narukami
|fr_tl   = The Great Offering of Narukami
|ru      = Великое подношение Наруками
|ru_tl   = The Great Offering of Narukami
|th      = การถวาย Narukami อันยิ่งใหญ่
|th_rm   = Karo Twai Narukami An Ying Yai
|th_tl   = The Great Narukami Offering
|vi      = Lễ Cầu Nguyện Trừ Tà Narukami
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Großes Narukami-Opferritual
|de_tl   = Great Narukami Sacrifice Ritual
|id      = Upacara Agung Narukami
|id_tl   = Grand Narukami Ceremony
|pt      = A Grande Oferenda de Narukami
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Büyük Narukami Adağı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La grande offerta di Narukami
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[es:La gran ofrenda de Narukami]]
[[ja:鳴神御祓祈願祭]]
[[vi:Lễ Cầu Nguyện Trừ Tà Narukami]]