{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19074
|image         = Hangout Event The Price of a Wish.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaveh
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Pendulum of Weal and Woe
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dori; Kaveh; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Palace of Alcazarzaray]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Lokapala Jungle
|subarea       = The Palace of Alcazarzaray
|prev          = Wealthy Merchant
|next          = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Price of a Wish''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Pendulum of Weal and Woe}}.

==Steps==
# Talk to Dori
# Follow Dori
# Talk to "The Most Famous Merchant in Sumeru"
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You were unable to secure a sponsorship deal, but Dori seems to have more to say...}}
===A Merchant Most Famous===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Dori, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19074 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' (The most benevolent Lord Sangemah Bay makes your dreams come true.)

;(Talk to Dori)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Oh, where did all that passion go from earlier, hmm? I take it you weren't able to find a sponsor for your project?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Please don't tell me that you're here to mock us.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 dori 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Hmph, what kind of person do you take me for? Would the kind and generous Lord Sangemah Bay really do such a thing? I will say though, I more or less expected this outcome even before I introduced them to you.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 dori 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' You can try to talk up the project all you want, but the facts will remain the same. This project is high-investment with slow-returns. No sane person would put their money into this.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But this isn't just a business project, right?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Also, if you already knew no one would want to partner with us, why did you still try to charge me five hundred thousand Mora? You scammer!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 dori 04.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ahem. You might want to remember who your creditor is before you start talking like that, Kaveh.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'll pay back every last coin that I still owe you, but that's a completely different matter.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 dori 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Alright, since you're so devastated about this, I'll set you up for dinner with another big name merchant.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 dori 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' In fact, I'll be inviting the most famous merchant in all of Sumeru, so I'll be counting on your performance!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What? Really?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I... I would like to sincerely apologize for my attitude just now.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' So, where would we be meeting this merchant?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907401 dori 07.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Follow me! Oh, I suppose both of you can come.

;(After following Dori)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' This is the place.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You said you're going to introduce us to the most famous merchant in Sumeru... Well, where are they?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' You still don't get it, huh? The most famous merchant in Sumeru&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Is Lord Sangemah Bay?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh!? So you meant yourself all along? Then why did you bring us here?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Well, I've given it some thought, and that complex of education and culture buildings that you mentioned does hold some promise.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 04.ogg}} '''Dori:''' It will be a pretty big Mora sink, and I'll have to fund it all on my own, but that's not really a problem for me.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Seriously?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Where's this generosity coming from so suddenly? Are you trying to scam me again?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' The reasons are not important. What's important is that I'm willing to help you.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' However, you know just as well as me that once this project actually breaks ground, it'll start sucking Mora from my pockets like crazy. So to cut costs... hmm...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I get it, I get it. I won't charge any commission fees, and I'll take responsibility for the entire project.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 07.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Splendid! Then let's sign the contract right away.
:{{Black Screen|Dori prepares two contracts. After a brief read, Kaveh signs them at record speed.}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Phew... This way, the children of the desert will have some books to read. Their lives should improve a bit after this.
:{{DIcon}} You seem rather pleased.
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Of course. There are few things better than using my knowledge to help other people change their fates.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I must thank you as well, Dori. I used to say you only cared about Mora, which might have been some prejudice on my part. Sorry for that. I will also try to pay back my debts as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Now, let's have a quick discussion. Where would you want the library to be built? That will be the most important building.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 08.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Hehe, there's no rush! I'll provide you with a copy of the deed when we get back. You can just use the address on the document to find the lot.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh... the deed?
:{{DIcon}} You don't mean...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' So hold on a sec... The person who has been buying up everything around Aaru Village was you all along!?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 09.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Oh my, did I not tell you about that? Yep, yours truly has been buying up all the land. I must thank you for bringing your ideas to me &mdash; before our conversation, I had no idea what to build on all those lots!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 10.ogg}} '''Dori:''' So from my perspective, this has been a great turn of events. I didn't put much in, and easily got a lot in return.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But what about my commission fees!?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 11.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Huh, didn't you waive those yourself? I was just going to say that to cut costs, we mustn't procrastinate and should start construction as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 12.ogg}} '''Dori:''' But before I could finish my sentence, you volunteered to waive your commission fees, and even promised to take responsibility for the whole project from start to finish. I am so touched, really!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's obvious that you used every trick in the book to deceive me... You deliberately paused for a long time while talking about the project, and kept glancing at me with that menacing look in your eyes!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 dori 13.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Huh, you really think so? Well, the contract's already been signed, so there's no point in dwelling on the details. You know what? I'll pay for tonight's dinner.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Fine, I'll drop the argument on the commission fees. But since you said you're paying for dinner...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907402 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'm going to order the best dishes and booze this place has to offer, and lots of it. Tonight, we're feasting until I've recouped my full commission fees!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: A Done Deal===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Done Deal
|character       = Kaveh
|act             = 1
|description     = Wait a minute... I have to recoup my fees!
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Price of a Wish
|zhs     = 愿望的代价
|zhs_rm  = Yuànwàng de Dàijià
|zht     = 願望的代價
|zht_rm  = Yuànwàng de Dàijià
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 願いの代価
|ja_rm   = Negai no Daika
|ja_tl   = The Price of a Wish
|ko      = 소원의 대가
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El precio de un deseo
|es_tl   = The Price of a Wish
|fr      = Le prix d'un souhait
|fr_tl   = The Price of a Wish
|ru      = Цена желания
|ru_tl   = The Price of a Wish
|th      = ราคาของความปรารถนา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cái Giá Của Nguyện Vọng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Der Preis eines Wunsches
|de_tl   = The Price of a Wish
|id      = Harga Sebuah Impian
|id_tl   = The Price of a Dream
|pt      = O Preço de um Desejo
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Bir Dileğin Bedeli
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il prezzo di un desiderio
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[es:El precio de un deseo]]