{{Quest Infobox
|title         = The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog
|id            = 40134
|image         = Event Quest The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Roses and Muskets
|act           = The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog
|actNum        = III
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Baptiste; Buraud; Chevreuse; Chiori; Furina; Kamisato Ayaka; Letellier; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Vasari Passage
|prev          = Fiction and Reality Inside and Outside the Frame (Quest)
|next          = Where the Roses Bloom (Quest)
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog''''' is the only quest in {{Quest|The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog}}.

==Steps==
# Wait until the following morning (08:00 &ndash; 10:00)
# Go to the gathering spot
# Film a scene of revenge and defeat opponents{{Enemy List|Treasure Hoarders: Scout*4}}
# Go with Chevreuse to investigate the clues
# Go to the place Chevreuse mentioned
# Defeat the Gardemek(s)
# Go to the writer's home

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 3, the active party will be limited to a trial [[Chevreuse]] and [[Kamisato Ayaka]].

==Trial Characters==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8
|character_name          = Kamisato Ayaka
|character_outfit        = Springbloom Missive

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Mistsplitter Reforged
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11

|hp8                     = 26,578
|atk8                    = 2,041
|def8                    = 961
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 172.5%
|other_stats8            = Any Elemental DMG comes from Mistsplitter Reforged's passive
}}
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8
|character_name          = Chevreuse

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Rightful Reward
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige

|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 31,133
|atk8                    = 1.629
|def8                    = 716
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The lonely isle appeared in silence through the dark fog of night. Wherever shall it lead you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's filming time again! Our schedule is jam-packed for the next couple of days, too. We've got so many different locations and sets to cover...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's head out and meet up with the others!

;(Approach the entrance to the [[Court of Fontaine: Court Region Waterway Hub|Court Region Waterway Hub]] from [[Vasari Passage]])
:;(The day passes)
:{{Black Screen|Both the filming and the criminal investigation progress at a steady pace over the next few days...}}
:;(At the [[Fountain of Lucine]])
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Good work, everyone! We're looking to wrap with our two main ladies today. I can already smell our success, hehe!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean, "looking to wrap"?
:{{DIcon}} It means completing the filming of all of their scenes.
:{{DIcon}} It means finalizing everything we've recorded for them so far.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Aren't you the expert now!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' This upcoming scene is [[the Two Musketeers]]' final confrontation with the baron. There'll be quite a bit of action, but no choreography beyond what we've already rehearsed.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Anyway, get ready! Lights, Kamera, ACTION!
:;(Filming starts)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 buraud 01.ogg}} '''{{tt|"Baron"|Played by Buraud}}:''' The view is beautiful tonight... It reminds me of that fateful night ten years ago.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 buraud 02.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' Hmm, and now that I've said it, I can even make out the faint fragrance of herbal tea in the air.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''{{tt|"Iris"|Played by Kamisato Ayaka}}:''' Enough, villain. It's time that you pay for the death of our mother.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 buraud 03.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' My dear Iris, have you forgotten your manners? How can you speak like this to your own father?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 chevreuse 01.ogg}} '''{{tt|"Tulipe"|Played by Chevreuse}}:''' I'd sooner swallow all of my teeth than call you "father."
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 buraud 04.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' What did I expect... seems the daughters have turned out to be just as obstinate as their foolish mother.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 buraud 05.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' In this world, Mora and status is everything.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 buraud 06.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' She thought she could blackmail me using her children and force me to grant her recognition and concessions? Ah, how naive can a woman be?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''"Iris":''' Mother never asked a single thing of you. All she wished was for us to live a peaceful life, just like the others.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 chevreuse 02.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' It was you who personally brewed the poison of prejudice and sent mother to her death.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 chevreuse 03.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' Compared to that deadly poison, the two bullets that will soon pierce through your heart will be like sweet mercy.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 buraud 07.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' Hahaha, and that's exactly why I said you're just as naive as her. Did you really think two muskets would be enough to defeat me?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 2 buraud 08.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' So, let's see. What is stronger &mdash; Mora and power, or the two muskets in your hands?

;(During the fight)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 3 buraud 01.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' Get them!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 3 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''"Iris":''' Tulipe! There are too many of them!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 3 chevreuse 01.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' It'll be okay! We'll cover each other, Iris.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 3 chevreuse 02.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' And mother will be watching over us, too.

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 01.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' You've lost.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 buraud 01.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' Tch... To think I'd lose to my own two kids...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''"Iris":''' We are no children of yours, and we'll never call that place our home.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 buraud 02.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' Hmph... Then tell me, what did you do all of this for?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 buraud 03.ogg}} '''"Baron":''' You lost your mother, and will soon kill your father as well. What will you gain in the end other than sentences for your crimes?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 02.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' We will gain... our long-awaited justice.
:'''"Tulipe":''' (Gunshot)
:;(A [[Rainbow Rose]] is placed next to the baron's body)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 04.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' ...It's over.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''"Iris":''' ...Finally, it's over.
;("Tulipe" and "Iris" walk over to the side of the path)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''"Iris":''' So. Where will you go now, Tulipe?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 05.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' I'm not too sure, Iris. Maybe somewhere with lots of flowers... After all, mother always did love going where the blossoms were. What about you?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''"Iris":''' I want to go visit mother's grave.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 06.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' Yeah, that's not a bad idea...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''"Iris":''' Huh!? Tulipe, look!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 07.ogg}} '''"Tulipe":''' What is it?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''"Iris":''' It's mother's favorite, the Rainbow Rose. Look... it's blooming again.
:;(Filming ends)
:'''Furina:''' *claps*
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Excellent, that was beyond mesmerizing! Even I didn't expect this scene to go so well. And we got it in a single take!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Alright everyone, we've got a wrap for Tulipe and Iris!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Congratulations, Ayaka and Chevreuse!
:{{DIcon}} Amazing performance!
:{{DIcon}} Great job, you've already wrapped your roles!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you. I didn't expect our parts to wrap so quickly... I wish I could savor the experience for just a bit longer.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon totally understands! Paimon's not ready to say goodbye to the clapperboard, either. Filming has really been a lot of fun!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You were great too, Chevreuse! The way you said "long-awaited justice"... It gave Paimon chills!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 08.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' That is indeed my favorite line in the whole book. I still remember trying to act it out in my room the first few times I read it.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, Paimon would've never guessed you're that type...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 09.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Who doesn't like stories where the guilty are punished, and justice prevails over evil? Don't forget, I'm the Captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 letellier 01.ogg}} '''Letellier:''' Captain! I have something urgent to report.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 10.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...Please excuse me, everyone. I'll be back in just a moment.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's okay, don't worry about us!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Oh, was she whisked away by work already? I was just about to tell her how great she did.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It seemed like some urgent official business.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ah, then perhaps we should thank the stars that we were able to wrap both of your parts so quickly today. Switching around the filming schedule would have been a real pain.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Anyway, I actually came over to let everyone know that we're all done for today. You can go home and get some rest!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' And one last thing, Miss Ayaka. Your acting skills today were immaculate as always. Are you sure you won't consider taking up full-time acting? See, I just happen to know this great troupe that's still looking for a lead actress...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you for your kind words, Director Furina. Unfortunately... there are still many matters that I have to take care of back home at the [[Yashiro Commission]]. I cannot remain in Fontaine to pursue an acting career.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Nevertheless, I will make sure to treasure this incredible opportunity in my heart.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' That's a shame, but I understand. Just let me know if you ever change your mind.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I believe it's also about time for me to take my leave. But hopefully I'll see you on set over the next few days &mdash; even though my part's wrapped, I'd still like to swing by and help out the crew.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' See you tomorrow, {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! See you tomorrow!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, what should we do next? Maybe we'll go investigate the case some more with Chevreuse today?
:;(Chevreuse runs up)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 11.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, please come with me.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wh&mdash;Where are we going?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 4 chevreuse 12.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' You could say... that our ship has finally chanced upon one of those "small, remote islands of intel."
----
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Paimon's exhausted. Paimon definitely didn't expect having to float this far after a full day of filming...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Chevreuse, why did you take us here?
:{{DIcon}} Did you find a new clue?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Affirmative. It wasn't anything conclusive, but it should show us a clear way forward.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Have you ever heard of someone by the name of [[Emilie]]?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you mean that famous perfumer?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' She's a good friend of mine. She's lent me her aid several times in the past to resolve some difficult cases.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 04.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' After I discovered the Rainbow Rose at the scene of the murder, I sent it to her. After all, she's probably the foremost expert on flowers and scents in all of Fontaine.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And then...?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 05.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' There was nothing remarkable about the flower, or the trace amounts of soil left on it.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 06.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But according to Emilie, the Rainbow Rose left by the killer was derived from a very rare cultivar.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon didn't know that there were different varieties of Rainbow Rose! Paimon just thought that they grew everywhere in the wild...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 07.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Flowers that are deliberately cultivated will always show some different features from those that bloom in the wild.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 08.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' We already knew that the rose left at the scene belonged to a special cultivar, but with Emilie's expertise, we were able to pinpoint the place where it was first picked from.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh! Paimon gets it now. So whoever first planted that Rainbow Rose was probably the killer!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 09.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Precisely. And after we checked what we learned against some sales records from the past, we discovered that there's only one person in all of Fontaine who could grow and sell this specific cultivar.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, really? And who is it?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 10.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' It's the novelist.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But didn't you say that he had an alibi?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 11.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' To be clear, I haven't changed my mind about him. I still don't think he was the one who pulled the trigger.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 12.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' However, that doesn't mean that the true culprit never visited him at his home, or never purchased a Rainbow Rose from his garden.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 13.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Whatever the case, we will have to confirm a number of things with him.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you mean, the next place we need to go is...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 5 chevreuse 14.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Yes, we're going to pay him a visit at his home.

;(Approach the cliff overlooking the house)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 chevreuse 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' That should be his house.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are so many Gardemeks stationed around the place... Uh, that's pretty unusual, right?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 chevreuse 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' According to what he told me the last time we spoke, he hired them so he won't be harassed or disturbed.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, so there are a lot of flowers in his garden... But Paimon doesn't think we'll be able to pick one without alerting the Gardemeks.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 chevreuse 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Right, which is exactly why I think there has to be a special connection between him and the killer.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So should we... knock?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 chevreuse 04.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Just wait here for now. I'd like to take care of a number of those Gardemeks first.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But they're so far away... How are you planning to do that?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 6 chevreuse 05.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Don't forget, Paimon, I'm actually the real life captain of the musketeers.

;(After defeating all three Gardemeks)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 7 chevreuse 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' All clear. Let's go.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait wait wait... Paimon's a little nervous now that we know he could be the killer. Can we go over our plan of action again?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 7 chevreuse 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I'll go knock on the door, and make sure it's safe inside. Once we're sure that we're in the clear, I'll ask him to come with us for a quick round of questioning at the Gardes' headquarters.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But can't we just arrest him?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 7 chevreuse 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' We still have no evidence that he's the killer, or that he lent the killer any direct aid.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 7 chevreuse 04.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Still, it would be appreciated if you could pick a Rainbow Rose from his garden for me while I'm talking to him. It will help the Marechaussee Phantom confirm Emilie's theory.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure, no problem! Just be careful, Chevreuse.
----
;(Approach the writer's home)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 01.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Excuse me, Mr. Baptiste? Are you home?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 01.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Who could it be at this hour... Ah, it's you, Officer Chevreuse.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 02.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Would you mind accompanying me to the Gardes headquarters, Mr. Baptiste? We would like to ask you some questions about a case.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 02.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Oh, is it still regarding the murder case from before?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 03.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I cannot confirm or deny that at this time.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 03.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' So it is, then.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 04.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Listen, I need you to come with me, Mr. Baptiste.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 04.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' *sigh* Miss Chevreuse, I'll save you the trouble. Oh, and you two over there, there's no need for you to pick my flowers, either. It's not time for them to bloom yet.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh okay...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 05.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' By "saving me the trouble," you mean...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 05.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' I will confess. I was the killer.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 06.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He... He just admitted he's guilty!
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 06.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Please relax, everyone. I am not armed. The musket you're looking for has been buried in my backyard.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 07.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...Then it's my responsibility to inform you, Mr. Baptiste, that everything you say right now will be used as evidence for the inevitable trial.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 07.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Yes. I am perfectly aware of that.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 08.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...I must say, I hate this feeling.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 08.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Oh? Is it because I confessed, or because you've been proven wrong?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 09.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Both, I suppose.
:{{DIcon}} That guy in the [[Fleuve Cendre]]...
:{{DIcon}} Why did you kill him?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 09.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' For the same reason as the one I wrote out in my novel, of course. I did it to exact revenge.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 10.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 10.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' I know you haven't figured out the link between the two of us. Had you done so, I'd have been taken away to the headquarters a long time ago.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 11.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' But that won't stop me from always remembering his grotesque face. After all, he was the one who killed my mother.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 11.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...Your mother is still healthy and well.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 12.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' You know I was adopted as a child. I was referring to my birth mother.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 12.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' That was never recorded in the orphanage's records...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 13.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Please forgive a six-year-old child for concocting some lies to protect himself after watching his mother die right in front of him.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... your novel... it was like a record of your life?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 14.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' No, of course not. It was a work of fiction with many embellished parts.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 15.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' But... I am indeed the illegitimate son of a wealthy and influential man, who abused his power to murder my mother. That part was a hundred percent real.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 13.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But the man you killed didn't have a Mora to his name.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 16.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' He was a hired assassin, an irredeemable beast who sank his fangs into a defenseless woman just for a few bags of Mora.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 14.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' But if that's really the truth... You wouldn't be telling us any of this now. You still haven't managed to take revenge against your father, the true mastermind behind it all.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 17.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' ...Haha, I never thought I'd hear that kind of thing from the Captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 15.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I'm simply skeptical about your motives.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 18.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' It's simple, really. I've grown tired of everything, and don't want to shoulder this burden anymore.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 19.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' You may have considered me too soft to pull the trigger. Well, as it turns out, you are exactly right. I've become overwhelmed by the aftermath of the murder.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 16.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' So you're going to call a stop to your revenge, just like that?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 20.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' The true mastermind is too rich and too powerful for me. I've accepted that I will never be able to avenge my mother alone.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 17.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' And so what? The characters in your book never gave up.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 21.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Now, Officer Chevreuse, I'm the one who has killed a man, aren't I? Are you trying to convince me to commit another crime?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 18.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' What's your father's name? How do you plan to prove the veracity of all of your claims?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 22.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Well, ahem... I'd like to speak with you privately.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 19.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Sure. Why don't we speak privately at the Gardes headquarters?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 23.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' No, it has to be here. I must ensure that we won't be overheard.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 20.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...Fine. Let's talk here.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 24.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' When I said "won't be overheard," I meant by anyone...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 25.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' I would like to speak with you and you alone.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} We can go somewhere else for now.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 21.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Thanks, I appreciate it.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Please stay safe, Chevreuse!
:;(Traveler and Paimon leave)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 22.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Alright. Let's hear it.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 26.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' ...Will you really believe what I'm about to say?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 23.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Well, that depends on what you're going to tell me.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 27.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Heh... Fair enough, fair enough. Then listen closely...
:;(Baptiste privately tells Chevreuse about his father)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 24.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 25.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' So that's how it's connected.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 28.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' So, it seems you believe me after all.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 26.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Do you want me to go public with this?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 29.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' No, of course not. At least, not right now.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 27.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Then, why did you bother telling me?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 30.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' You've read my work. What do you think?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 28.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 31.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Even if you were to go public with all of this right now, he'd simply deny everything.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 32.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' It's been too long... almost twenty years. Anything that could be used as evidence has long faded away. Even if there might have been a solitary island of truth once upon a time, it has long sunk beneath the waves by now.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 33.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Justice will never find him.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 29.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Not if you don't try.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 34.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' I know that as the Captain of the Special Security and Surveillance Patrol, you will always stand on the side of justice.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 35.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' But... do you really think a cushy life in prison really constitutes "justice" for him? I bet he could lead an extremely comfortable life in the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 30.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' What are you trying to say?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 36.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' I've been observing you from a distance. Your portrayal of the musketeer was exquisite.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 37.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' Pull the trigger of justice against him. Let the villain get what he deserves.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 31.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...You want me to let you go, so you may complete your revenge?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 38.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' No, Officer Chevreuse. I know that would be impossible.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 baptiste 39.ogg}} '''Baptiste:''' No, what I'd like is for you to perform the deed on my behalf.
:{{Black Screen|Meanwhile, not far away...}}
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh... Chevreuse sure is taking her time! What could they be talking about, anyway?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's worried... What if he decided to attack her?
:{{DIcon}} I have full confidence in Chevreuse's fighting skills.
:{{DIcon}} If anything, he's the one I'd be worried about.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, uh... You do have a point.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, do you have any idea who the rich person might be? And why the novelist doesn't want us to hear what he's saying to Chevreuse?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 32.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Sorry to keep you waiting, you two.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! How did your talk go?
:{{DIcon}} Did you figure out who the rich person he mentioned was?
:{{DIcon}} What should we do next?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 33.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I've already sent someone to escort Baptiste back to the headquarters for questioning. He wasn't lying about the musket &mdash; it was indeed buried in his backyard.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But what about the name? Did he tell you the name of the rich guy?
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 34.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' Yes, he did. But for now, I have to return to the Special Patrol. There are still a few loose ends I need to tie up.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (What's going on? It feels like she's keeping something from us.)
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 35.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' I'll probably be quite busy over the next few days, so apologies if you don't see me on set.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, Paimon understands if you can't tell us everything you know! We'll just keep an eye on [[The Steambird]], then.
:{{A|vo dyjeq003 8 chevreuse 36.ogg}} '''Chevreuse:''' ...Actually, there's still something else I need your help with.
:;(Quest ends)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial
|image1 = Tutorial The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog.png
|text1 = {{Color|help|Press the Aim button to start aiming}}. Aim at an enemy and {{Color|help|press the Shoot button to fire bullets at the target you are aiming at}}.
}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|Transclude = The Lone Isle Glimpsed Through Fog
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.3}}

[[pt-br:A Ilha Solitária Vislumbrada Pela Névoa (Missão)]]
[[ru:Одинокий остров в тумане]]