{{stub|More locations, if any}}
{{Quest Infobox
|image          = The Churlish Chase.png
|type           = World
|group          = Random World
|summary        = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|characters     = Le Goff; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation  = [[Ardravi Valley]], [[Sumeru]]
|startLocation2 = [[Ashavan Realm]], Sumeru
|startLocation3 = [[Avidya Forest]], Sumeru
|startLocation4 = [[Gandha Hill]], Sumeru
|region         = Sumeru
|other          = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''The Churlish Chase''' is a [[Random World Quest]] that can activate in certain areas within [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
#Defeat all the hilichurls
#*{{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=3}}
#*The hilichurls will be attacking a [[Transport Balloon]] that spawns at half health.
#Talk to [[Le Goff]]

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
{{Quest Description|Le Goff, a merchant transporting goods, is being robbed by the hilichurls. He is in urgent need of help...}}
:'''Paimon:''' What's up ahead, hmmm? ... Ah! Look! Someone's been surrounded by hilichurls!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go save 'em!

;(After defeating the hilichurls)
:'''Le Goff:''' Ah, thank you, my friend, thank you!
:'''Le Goff:''' To have met such a friendly traveler in another land. Truly, I feel like a man encountering an oasis amidst an endless desert!
:;(If the Transport Balloon survived)
:::'''Le Goff:''' Even my cargo has been sheltered 'neath your great protection. And here I was sure that they were lost, lost for sure at the hands of these hilichurls...
:;(If the Transport Balloon was destroyed)
:::'''Le Goff:''' 'Tis but a shame that my goods are lost... Despite your aid, they did not escape their torturers' clutches...
:{{DIcon}} Again, seriously?
:'''Le Goff:''' Aye, yes! These fellows are to me a nightmare inescapable...
:'''Le Goff:''' As you have seen. I am a traveling merchant from Fontaine, and all my goods are the latest and the greatest.
:'''Le Goff:''' But that is precisely why these louts always target me when I'm transporting goods...
:'''Le Goff:''' Previously, they even hid at the mouth of the main road, successfully stealing a batch of the latest apparel from Fontaine...
:'''Le Goff:''' And you know what? I saw, with my very own eyes, the mushroom caravan in front of me pass them by, safe and sound! Right in front of their noses, even!
:'''Le Goff:''' Do these churls just have it in for me or something? I mean, I'm all the way here in Sumeru now, you know?
:'''Le Goff:''' And when I had finally gotten far enough away to look back at the scene of the crime... They had put all the clothes in a pile, looking to make a fire with which to barbecue some meat...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh dear... Those burned clothes could've sold for enough to buy loads of grilled meat... Even Paimon thinks that was a huge waste.
:;(If the Transport Balloon survived)
:::'''Le Goff:''' To be honest, I cannot understand why these fellows keep chasing me as well... But thanks to you, I was able to protect my cargo this time.
:::'''Le Goff:''' Ah yes! Here's a token of my appreciation! Please accept it, my friend. You deserve it!
:;(If the Transport Balloon was destroyed)
:::'''Le Goff:''' *sigh* Well, at least I was able to preserve my life. I will consider the rest later... So please, take these as a sign of my thanks, friend.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Churlish Chase
|zhs     = 丘丘人的穷追不舍
|zhs_rm  = Qiūqiū-rén de Qióngzhuībùshě
|zht     = 丘丘人的窮追不捨
|zht_rm  = Qiūqiū-rén de Qióngzhuībùshě
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ヒルチャールの追い詰め
|ja_rm   = Hiruchaaru no Oitsume
|ja_tl   = Cornering Hilichurls
|ko      = 츄츄족의 끈질긴 추격
|ko_rm   = Chyuchyujok-ui Kkeunjilgin Chugyeok
|ko_tl   = The Hilichurls' Persistent Chase
|es      = La persecución de los Hilichurls
|es_tl   = The Hilichurl's Persecution
|fr      = Persécution des Brutocollinus
|fr_tl   = Hilichurl Persecution
|ru      = Неустанная погоня за хиличурлами
|ru_tl   = The Restless Chase after Hilichurls
|th      = Hilichurl ที่ไม่ลดละ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hilichurl Đeo Bám
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verfolgung der Hilichurle
|de_tl   = Hilichurl Persecution
|id      = Dikejar Hilichurl
|id_tl   = Chased by Hilichurls
|pt      = Perseguição Hilichurl
|pt_tl   = Hilichurl Persecution
|tr      = Dağ Yabanilerinin Kovalamacası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'inseguimento degli Hilichurl
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Quests by Type Navbox|type=Random World Quests}}