{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72731
|image         = The Beetle Battles Will Never End!.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl 
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete all challenges on any one of the difficulties
|characters    = Akira; Arataki Itto; Grandmaster Hanakado; Mamoru; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl!
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Unattributed Ramen Voucher|1}}
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Beetle Battles Will Never End!''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Arataki Itto]]
# Wait until the following day
# Talk to Arataki Itto

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl appears to have been a great success, and it's now time to return to the brawl grounds to check on Arataki Itto and Grandmaster Hanakado...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon obtaining quest)
:{{A|vo gdceq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl seems to be going pretty smoothly.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's curious who's really stronger between them. Let's go "chuck" it out, shall we?

;(Talk to Itto or Grandmaster Hanakado)
:{{A|vo gdceq003 6 hanakadogyokushou 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' I see. I see... Let us battle once more. This time, I'll see through all of your methods.
:{{A|vo gdceq003 6 hanakadogyokushou 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Victory and defeat no longer seem so important... Let's just battle for fun, shall we?
:{{A|vo gdceq003 6 hanakadogyokushou 03.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' It's rare that I should find such a great opponent. It would be a shame to end our battles so soon, would it not?
:{{A|vo gdceq003 6 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Sure! Bring it on!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 6 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But seeing through my secret beetle-fighting techniques? Nah, little fella, that ain't gonna happen!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 6 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' If you'll admit that I'm the stronger beetle fighter, I'll fight you for as many rounds as you want!
:{{A|vo gdceq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, looks like Bull-Chucker and Grandmaster Hanakado are still raring to go... Well, let's leave them to it! They can battle beetles till the beetle-battling's done!

;(Approach Itto the following day)
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 hanakadogyokushou 01.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Hahahahaha...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 hanakadogyokushou 02.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Astounding!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahaha...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Amazing!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 hanakadogyokushou 03.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' Even though your fighting style differs greatly from mine, I resonate strongly with the passion you imbue into your Onikabuto.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 hanakadogyokushou 04.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' In time, you shall surely become a true champion of the beetle-fighting world.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You're pretty good yourself! You managed to win an impressive 570 out of our 1,141 matches!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Of all the beetle-battle marathons I've fought in my time, you've lasted the longest by far! Not gonna lie, I'm impressed!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 hanakadogyokushou 05.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' No, I won 571 rounds, so I'm ahead. Also, you have the home advantage. Taking that into account, it is in fact I who am the superior warrior.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? Why you gotta be so stubborn? I remember our score clear as day, and Mamoru is our witness!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ain't that right, Mamoru?
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Boss, I... I really can't take it anymore... Please let me sleep for a while...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Have they been going at it this whole time without a break!?
:{{DIcon}} The arena must be about to collapse...
:{{DIcon}} The Onikabuto must be exhausted...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Fine! Since I'm a generous guy, I can give you one round, no problemo. I'll just defeat you next time!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And if you're still not convinced, we'll do the next battle on your home turf. I'll prove that it's about the beetle fighter, not the location!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 hanakadogyokushou 06.ogg}} '''Grandmaster Hanakado:''' That suits me just fine. Follow me.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh? Hey, compadre, Flying Lavender Melon, you're finally here!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a minute, why's Paimon back to Flying Lavender Melon again? Does Paimon only get a good nickname when she's fighting for you?
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Uh, never mind that for now! Here's your 2-month free ramen voucher, as agreed. Take it!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ramen voucher? Oh yeah, right! The ramen!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now that's more like it!
:{{DIcon}} Time to celebrate!
:{{DIcon}} And the "Extreme Beetle Brawl" is a wrap!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, no, no, no, no. This was just the warmup. The Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl is still to come!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' After all, things are way too quiet without an audience. We can't just end the event like this!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But the good news is, Grandmaster Hanakado finally let go of his pride and admitted that I'm a strong beetle fighter!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Still, we ain't done with each other just yet. I'll be heading to his home turf alone soon, where I'm gonna defeat him once and for all.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Once that happens, he'll have to follow my orders &mdash; and by that, I mean he'll help us make the Almighty Arataki Extraordinary and Exhilarating Extreme Beetle Brawl the biggest, baddest event ever!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Thanks again to the two of you. Now, wait here &mdash; I'll be back with good news in no time at all!
:;(Itto runs off)
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bull-Chucker sure seems like he's having fun, and we got two months' worth of ramen out of it, hee-hee!
:{{DIcon}} It's a win-win situation!
:{{DIcon}} Everyone's happy, that's all that matters.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Boss, Boss! There's a letter from Shinobu. Take a look at this...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Huh? Where'd the Boss go? He was beetle fighting right here just a moment ago...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, is it urgent? Because Bull-Chucker just left with Grandmaster Hanakado. They said they were going to continue their battle...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Well, it's not urgent, just a little unexpected...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' You can read it for yourself if you want.
:;(Opens Letter from Kuki Shinobu)
::'''Letter from Kuki Shinobu'''
::Boss:
::I have yet to complete my business, so I won't be back for a while. Should you have any new ideas and want to drag the boys into new shenanigans, hold your horses first. I'll help you organize matters once I get back.
::I met a kid while harvesting Lavender Melons. He's articulate and well-mannered, and he loves beetle battles. He even has lots of friends in that department.
::Having heard that you're also an avid beetle brawler, the kid was quite eager to meet you. He even said that he'd consider joining the Arataki Gang if you turned out to be better than him at beetle fights. I gave him the addresses of some of your usual haunts so that he can find you himself.
::By my estimations, you should have met up by now, so have fun... Just remember to eat your meals on time.
::I'll repeat myself again: just relax and stick to beetle battles for now! Don't drag the gang around on some wild adventure or anything!
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the... So Grandmaster Hanakado is actually part of the Arataki Gang? But his... communication style made Bull-Chucker feel like he was facing a mortal enemy...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just as Shinobu expected, Bull-Chucker is spending all his time beetle fighting without resting or eating.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But he did get us to organize the Beetle Brawl event for him...
:{{DIcon}} I still wouldn't really call that resting, per se.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y'know, Paimon thinks Shinobu deserves to enjoy the ramen voucher more than we do! Why don't we take her for ramen when she gets back?
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Actually, wait a moment.
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bull-Chucker didn't tell us which ramen stall this voucher's meant to be used at...
:{{A|vo gdceq002 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Are we supposed to find the store by ourselves!?
:;(Obtain [[Unattributed Ramen Voucher]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Beetle Battles Will Never End!
|zhs     = 永无止境的斗虫较量！
|zhs_rm  = Yǒngwùzhǐjìng de Dòuchóng Jiàoliàng!
|zht     = 永無止境的鬥蟲較量！
|zht_rm  = Yǒngwùzhǐjìng de Dòuchóng Jiàoliàng!
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 終わりなき虫相撲の闘い！
|ja_rm   = Owarinaki Mushizumou no Tatakai!
|ja_tl   = Never-Ending Beetle Battles!
|ko      = 끝없는 곤충 싸움!
|ko_tl   = Endless Insect Fight!
|es      = ¡El camino del luchador de escaradiablos no tiene fin!
|es_tl   = The Path of the Beetledevil Fighter Has No End!
|fr      = À fond les bagarres de scarabées !
|fr_tl   = Beetle Battles All the Way!
|ru      = Битвы жуков вечны!
|ru_tl   = Endless Beetle Battles!
|th      = การประลองแมลงไม่รู้จบ!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trận Đấu Bọ Không Hồi Kết!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unermüdliches Käferduell!
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Adu Kumbang Yang Tak Berkesudahan!
|id_tl   = The Never-ending Beetle Battle!
|pt      = As Batalhas de Besouros Nunca Acabarão!
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Böcek Dövüşleri Bakidir!
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Le lotte tra scarabei non finiranno mai!
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[pt-br:As Batalhas de Besouros Nunca Acabarão!]]
[[ru:Битвы жуков вечны!]]