{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19062
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = I
|act           = Chivalric Training
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|prev          = Maid-in-Training
|next          = 
|characters    = Traveler; Swan; Alois; Noelle; Marjorie
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Art of Hospitality''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Chivalric Training]].

==Steps==
#Go to Mondstadt's gate
#Head to the [[Angel's Share]]
#Go to Good Hunter
#Go to With Wind Comes Glory
*Branch 1
*#Send [[Alois]] off from Mondstadt
*#Return to the gate and talk to [[Noelle]]

==Dialogue==
===Guest From Afar===
{{Quest Description|You and Noelle met a strange guest near Mondstadt named Alois. Alois claims to be a merchant who has lost his cargo due to a monster attack. Noelle decides to bring Alois to Mondstadt to help him find his lost goods...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the gate)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 01.ogg}} '''[[Swan]]:''' Aha, Honorary Knight and Noelle. Were you two out on a mission?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 02.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Wait, who is this person behind you?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 alois 01.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I... My name is Alois. I'm a humble merchant.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 03.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Ah, Mondstadt welcomes you, strange yet respectable traveler.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 04.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Please state your identity and purpose. The Knights of Favonius are here to ensure your safety.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 alois 02.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Uh... ahem... I came to Mondstadt to import wines back to Liyue...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 05.ogg}} '''Swan:''' I see, but are you not carrying any luggage or goods?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 06.ogg}} '''Swan:''' I also don't see your name among the wine merchants that Mondstadt regularly deals with...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 alois 03.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I... It's my first time visiting Mondstadt, but I expect to come back often...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 07.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Hmm... In that case, please show me the relevant documents issued by Liyue's [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]]. I need to verify your identity.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 alois 04.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Huh? What on earth is the Min&mdash; ...Oh! Right, right, I... put them in my luggage!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 08.ogg}} '''Swan:''' ...Luggage?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, our apologies... This gentleman was just attacked by a monster and lost both his luggage and his goods.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Could you allow him to calm down a bit before we register him with the Knights?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 09.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Hmm, according to Article 10 of the [[Knights of Favonius Handbook - 5th Edition|Knights of Favonius Handbook]], caution should be exercised with regard to unfamiliar visitors.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But Article 2 of the Knights of Favonius Handbook also says that one must not offend our visitors, right?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 10.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Mmm, well... In this situation... umm...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 11.ogg}} '''Swan:''' ...I&mdash;It seems the Knights of Favonius Handbook has a bit of an overlap...
:{{DIcon}} I'll keep an eye on him. Nothing bad will happen.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 12.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Well... if you are keeping watch, there shouldn't be a problem...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' After all, this is our Honorary Knight, the one who defended Mondstadt from the claws of the frenzied [[Stormterror]].
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 alois 05.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Storm... terror?
::{{DIcon}} Many times your height, without jumping.
::{{DIcon}} He's a little fellow, not worth worrying about.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 alois 06.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Haha... indeed... good one...
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to Noelle. She can take care of the situation.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 13.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Hmm... if Noelle is willing to vouch for him, then I can rest easy.
::{{DIcon}} After all, she is the most reliable maid in all Mondstadt.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm... just doing my job...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' "Most reliable"? I've got a way to go, but I will try to live up to that!
::{{DIcon}} I'll be there too.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906201 swan 14.ogg}} '''Swan:''' Well then, I'm counting on you two to take care of this gentleman while he's in Mondstadt.
----
{{Quest Description|To display Mondstadt's hospitality to guests, Noelle is working hard and making preparations.}}
;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So you're a wine merchant? You must have excellent wine knowledge.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Would you like to rest awhile at Angel's Share? It's our signature tavern.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 01.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Such a... warm welcome... how could I refuse?

;(Approach Angel's Share)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 02.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Ah... Angel's Share. So this barrel must be full with Mondstadt's celebrated wine, right? If only it could be imitated...
:{{DIcon}} "Imitated"?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 03.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Oh, uh... imported! That's the word.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Sorry to keep you waiting. Drink up!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' This is a Dandelion Wine-based cocktail &mdash; I asked the bartender to add [[Calla Lily]] because it has a calming effect.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I know you've been on the road for a long time and cold drinks would be bad for your stomach.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' So I requested less ice. Hope it's to your liking.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 04.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Calming?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 05.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Is this what they give to all visitors in Mondstadt?
:{{DIcon}} ...Made especially for you.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 06.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Hehe... because you know I'm interested in Mondstadt wines?
::{{DIcon}} You're very interested, no?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 07.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Y&mdash;Yes! Just interested, mind you.
:{{DIcon}} ...Noelle's way of showing hospitality.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 08.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Aha... o&mdash;okay then...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 09.ogg}} '''Alois:''' On another note, that drink's made me realize just how empty my stomach is...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, so you're hungry too!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...How terrible of me. If I'd realized, I would've saved some [[Lighter-Than-Air Pancake|pancakes]] for you.
:{{DIcon}} Not to worry. Let's go to the [[Good Hunter]] restaurant.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906203 alois 10.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Oh, good idea! That sounds like a good place!

;(Approach Good Hunter)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 01.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Mmmm... smells incredible! So it's true... If you really want to sell Mondstadt wines, you can't do without Mondstadt dishes...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 02.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Maybe recipes will be easier to obtain than the brewing process...
:{{DIcon}} Brewing process?
:{{DIcon}} Easier to obtain?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 03.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Oh! Uhh, what I mean is... the Dandelion Wine brewing process is unique &mdash; difficult to imitate! That's why we merchants can buy with confidence!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 04.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Haha, where was I... Let's see, what's on the menu... Hmm, so many dishes... hard to decide...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Can I help?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 05.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Uh, sure... What do you suggest?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hm... Well, do you prefer red meat or white?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 06.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I like 'em both.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' The [[Steak]]s here are cuts of freshly shipped [[Springvale]] [[Forest Boar|Boar]]. I'd recommend having it served medium to really bring out the natural sweetness of the meat.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mm... oh! [[Sweet Madame]] is another specialty. Crispy skin and tender meat &mdash; goes perfectly with wine!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' However, those dishes alone aren't very healthy from a nutritional standpoint.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I recommend a [[Mushroom Pizza]] and a [[Satisfying Salad]] too on the side.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If that sounds okay, I'll place the order for you. This meal is on me, to make up for my inattentiveness.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 07.ogg}} '''Alois:''' That's too generous of you...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Please, enjoy. After all, it's your first meal here as a new visitor, and your last. I wouldn't want to give you the cold shoulder.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 08.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Huh? *coughing* M&mdash;My last!? *choking*
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 09.ogg}} '''Alois:''' ...You give this meal to... all new visitors, right?
:{{DIcon}} This one was made especially for you.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 10.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Wait... Is it really my last meal?
::{{DIcon}} Your last meal as a new visitor, of course. So enjoy!
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 11.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Ah, haha... so that's what it means... Well, then I better make the most of it...
:{{DIcon}} It's just Noelle's way of showing hospitality.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 12.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Aha... o&mdash;okay then...
:{{DIcon}} Where are we going after the meal?
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, do we have anything else on the itinerary?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' How about With Wind Comes Glory?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' For our final stop, I want to leave Mr. Alois with something to commemorate his time here.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 13.ogg}} '''Alois:''' So... that's the final stop, yes?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906204 alois 14.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Wait... what are we commemorating?

;(Approach Marjorie)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 marjorie 01.ogg}} '''Marjorie:''' Oh, here's your order, Noelle.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Thanks, {{sic|Majorie}}.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mr. Alois, please accept this souvenir.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 01.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Eh-he, thanks. I will treasure this wood carving forev&mdash; ...Eh?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 02.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Wait, what's on the... Is that... the insignia of the Knights of Favonius?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I, maid Noelle, on behalf of Mondstadt and the Knights of Favonius, officially welcome you!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 03.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Wait... Knights of Favonius? How can you be both a maid and a part of the Knights of Favonius?
:{{DIcon}} She's a maid of the Knights of Favonius.
:{{DIcon}} She's a future knight of Favonius.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 04.ogg}} '''Alois:''' So, so this gift is also a...
:{{DIcon}} This one was made especially for you.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 05.ogg}} '''Alois:''' So it's... a warning!
:{{DIcon}} It's just Noelle's way of showing hospitality.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 06.ogg}} '''Alois:''' ...So, just a regular souvenir?
;(If the "made especially for you" dialogue option was chosen two or more times, go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
;(If the "Noelle's way of showing hospitality" dialogue option was chosen two or more times, go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, I'm afraid this is all I had time for...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' However, I hope it leaves you with a lasting impression of your trip to Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Now then, if you wouldn't mind accompanying me to the Knights of Favonius, the registration process only requires&mdash;
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 07.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Ah&mdash;! N&mdash;no need! I uhh... suddenly I remember where I lost my luggage!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh? Well then we should at least go and file a report with the Knights&mdash;
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 08.ogg}} '''Alois:''' &mdash;Nope, not necessary! Now that the danger's past<!--sic-->, I'll just head over and retrieve it!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh? But... what about the savage monsters...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' For your protection, I feel strongly that one of our knights should escort you there.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Or... perhaps it's a little too soon but...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...I'll escort you. Let's go!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 09.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Ugh...
:{{DIcon}} No need.
:{{DIcon}} Allow me.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh? ...You want to escort him yourself, (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...That would certainly put my mind at rest...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' In that case, I'll report the situation to Swan. Let's meet back at the gates of the city a little later.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 15.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Please take care of Mr. Alois.
{{Dialogue end}}

====After Hospitality Comes...====
{{Quest Description|Noelle's passionate reception is putting an immense amount of pressure on Alois, who just wants to leave...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the end of the bridge)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 01.ogg}} '''Alois:''' *whimpers*
:{{DIcon}} Okay, no further.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 02.ogg}} '''Alois:''' ...So this is the end?
:{{DIcon}} I can't see anyone around.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 03.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Meaning this is a good spot!?
:{{DIcon}} If you understand, then nothing needs to be said.
:{{DIcon}} If you don't understand, it's pointless to explain.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 04.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Archons above! Oh, honorable knight, please have mercy! Forgive me! I'll confess! I'll confess to everything!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 05.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I was planning to investigate Mondstadt's Dandelion Wine &mdash; to see if I could find a way to imitate it!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 06.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I didn't expect you to see through it right from the start! Please! I&mdash;I never actually did anything!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 07.ogg}} '''Alois:''' It's attempted fraud at worst, right? Tell me it isn't punishable by death!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 08.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Or... or is it because you have no intention to try me at all...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 09.ogg}} '''Alois:''' W&mdash;Which explains why you didn't expose me in the city &mdash; you simply chose a location to finish me!
:{{DIcon}} ...Go.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 10.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Spare me, noble kn&mdash; ...Wh&mdash;What...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 11.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Go...? I can go? Really?
:{{DIcon}} No more scheming against Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 12.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Of... Of course! With you and the maid around, who would dare?
:{{DIcon}} ...Change your ways, and you are welcome to visit Mondstadt again.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906206 alois 13.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Yes sir! I understand! Goodbye, most honorable Honorary Knight!
----
;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... he really did have ulterior motives...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Should we tell Noelle{{sic|... ?}} Let's head back and see how she's doing first.
----
;(Approach Noelle)
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah, (Traveler), you're back.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Eh? How come... Mr. Alois isn't with you?
:{{DIcon}} He left.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Left? Already? Left Mondstadt...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...And I didn't even get around to arranging his accommodations, or introducing the wine merchants to him...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...I must have been... negligent in some way... Did I leave him with a bad impression of Mondstadt...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Why else would he have left without a farewell...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, I... I couldn't even handle this smallest of tasks...
:{{DIcon}} He had a sinister plot, so I drove him away.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' A plot? ...So he was scheming the whole time?
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' As expected, I'm still too naive...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And that's why we have the Honorary Knight to rely on, in times of trouble...
:{{DIcon}} He had to get back, it had nothing to do with you.
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' You're just... trying to make me feel better...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Thank you, but...
::{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I must have done something wrong! Our visitor would never have left in such a hurry...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906207 noelle 14.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *sigh* How can I ever become a real knight of Favonius like this...?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: A Cold Reception===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Cold Reception
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 1
|description     = Not every attempt at passionate hospitality is given perfect closure.
}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 16.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm afraid this is all I had time for...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 17.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' However, I hope it leaves you with a lasting impression of your trip to Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 10.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I... really don't understand... why you went to all this trouble...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 11.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I don't have any goods or relevant documents... plus I don't exactly look like your everyday honest merchant.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 12.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Even if there were nothing to suggest otherwise... surely it would've been better to take me straight to the Knights for investigation...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 13.ogg}} '''Alois:''' ...And yet you still went to all this effort... to prepare all this for me...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 14.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Didn't you wonder whether the savage monsters &mdash; the missing cargo... What if it were all lies?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 18.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Why would I think that? I'm just doing what a maid of Favonius should do.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 19.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Knights of Favonius Handbook Article 2: "Do not exhibit suspicion or hostility towards visitors, no matter how suspicious they may seem."
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 20.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' You are a visitor from far away. You should be welcomed by me and by Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 21.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Even if there really is only a slight possibility that everything you say is true...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 22.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Being attacked by savage monsters, losing goods and documents... Isn't it times like these that people need help the most?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 23.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And if I failed to offer our hospitality on such an occasion, despite there being no evidence to back up your claims...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 24.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...That's not the way a maid of Favonius should behave!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 15.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I see... Well, thank you...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 16.ogg}} '''Alois:''' It's... time for me to leave Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 25.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Huh? Why the hurry...?
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 26.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' We haven't recovered your lost property yet...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 17.ogg}} '''Alois:''' No need. I've just remembered where I left them.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 18.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Somewhere far, far away...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 19.ogg}} '''Alois:''' I'll be sure to keep a better eye on them next time.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 20.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Perhaps when I'm a visitor worthy of your hospitality, I can return to Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 27.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Umm... I'm not sure I fully understand what you mean...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 28.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But if you think you can retrieve your lost property, that's great.
:{{DIcon}} You two clearly aren't talking about the same thing...
:{{DIcon}} But at least the problem seems to be solved.
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 21.ogg}} '''Alois:''' What a short trip...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 22.ogg}} '''Alois:''' But... thank you for your care and hospitality, I've learned a lot...
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 alois 23.ogg}} '''Alois:''' Goodbye, Mondstadt. Goodbye, maid of the Knights of Favonius!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 29.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah, okay then... goodbye!
:{{A|vo noecop001 1906205 noelle 30.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Mondstadt and I, maid Noelle of the Knights of Favonius, will always welcome you when you return!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: "Goodbye, Miss Maid!"===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = "Goodbye, Miss Maid!"
|ending name_alt = Goodbye Miss Maid
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 1
|description     = Each time she heads out, she brings her gentle intent along.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Art of Hospitality
|zhs     = 待客之道
|zhs_rm  = Dàikè zhī Dào
|zht     = 待客之道
|zht_rm  = Dàikè zhī Dào
|zh_tl   = The Way of Entertaining Guests
|ja      = おもてなし
|ja_rm   = Omotenashi
|ja_tl   = Hospitality
|ko      = 손님을 대접하는 방법
|ko_rm   = Sonnimeul Daejeophaneun Bangbeop
|ko_tl   = The Way of Entertaining Guests
|es      = El arte de la hospitalidad
|es_tl   = The Art of Hospitality
|fr      = Les lois de l'hospitalité
|fr_tl   = The Rules of Hospitality
|ru      = Искусство гостеприимства
|ru_tl   = The Art of Hospitality
|th      = วิธีการต้อนรับแขก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Hospitality Method
|vi      = Đạo Tiếp Khách
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Kunst der Gastfreundschaft
|de_tl   = The Art of Hospitality
|id      = Ramah Tamah
|id_tl   = Hospitality
|pt      = A Arte da Hospitalidade
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Misafirperverlik Sanatı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'arte dell'ospitalità
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:おもてなし]]