{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book The Saga of Hamavaran.png
|rarity    = 3
|volumes   = 3
|author    = Pursina
|vol1      = Sold by [[Kuroda]] at the [[Yae Publishing House]] in [[Inazuma City]]
|vol2      = Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
|vol3      = Sold by Kuroda at the Yae Publishing House in Inazuma City
}}
'''The Saga of Hamavaran''' is a [[Book Collection]] sold by the [[Yae Publishing House]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|The prefaces of the new light novel "The Saga of Hamavaran," now combined into their own separate volume due to a business model adjustment!}}
Foreword

Thanks to a fruitful new writer recruitment drive and the phenomenal success of the contest "This Novel is Amazing!" we have received many highly original works from up-and-coming writers all over the world. We would like to take this opportunity to thank our international writers for supporting [[Inazuma]]'s light novel industry, and we'd also like to thank [[Kanjou Commission]]er [[Hiiragi Shinsuke]] for his grace and generosity. It is thanks to all of you that we are able to bring so many outstanding works to the readers of Inazuma here today.

As you all know, prior to the promulgation of the [[Sakoku Decree]], a number of accomplished samurai from various lands were active in Inazuma. One of them, whose name is Hamavaran, hails from the distant rainforest nation of [[Sumeru]], but came all the way to the land of the lightning's glow to be an agent of chivalry. Though tales of Hamavaran's deeds were once buried during the peak of unchanging eternity under Her Excellency the Shogun, they have now been given life anew thanks to the narrative prowess of a good friend of mine, the budding author, [[Pursina]].

Now, without further ado, please enjoy "The Saga of Hamavaran" at your leisure.

==Vol. 2==
{{Description|"How could this happen..." An ordinary scholar from Sumeru is unexpectedly assigned an unpopular specialization and ordered to go forth to the land of thunder and lightning... The curtains slowly rise on an adventure in the nation of many shores!}}
"It's not the tempest at sea I'm worried about, it's the prospect of deferred graduation..."<br />
This was the thought occupying Hamavaran's mind on his long voyage to Inazuma...

"You're worrying about not getting your thesis finished in time and having to delay your graduation, aren't you?"<br />
The familiar-sounding voice came from outside the cabin.

"Shush... Who are you, anyway!?"<br />
"Who, me? Is that important?"

"Good point. No, you're not that important..."<br />
"Hey..."

...

And so, as the great thunderstorm raged, shaking the seas and heavens alike, Hamavaran began arguing with the quiet voice from outside the window, while all worries about the storm and fears about not completing the thesis on time paled into insignificance.

But strangely, when Hamavaran arrived on shore, the owner of the voice that had been arguing back from outside the window was nowhere to be seen.

"Maybe it was the ghost of a shipwreck victim..."<br />
Hamavaran considered this possibility.

Ghosts are just the Ley Lines' memories of the deceased, Hamavaran reasoned. It's a completely natural phenomenon that occurs due to resonance between past and present. To be sure, it's highly unusual for this to happen in the middle of the ocean, but it's by no means impossible.

"Who are you calling a ghost? You're the ghost!"<br />
Hamavaran had finally produced a satisfactory hypothesis to explain away the symptoms of delirium and had moved onto luggage-collection when the familiar voice piped up once more.

==Vol. 3==
{{Description|"'Ghost-calling'? Is that the same as 'spirit-warding' back home?" With confusing questions swirling in his mind, Hamavaran begins to speak with his newfound traveling companion. An unexpected journey begins!}}
...<br />
"So, you really are a ghost?"<br />
"No! I'm not even dead yet!"<br />
"But you've never been alive either?"<br />
"Um... Yeah, I guess you could say that..."<br />
The talkative young girl, who claimed to be a shikigami, gulped down glutinous-rice dango with such speed and intensity that Hamavaran began to worry she might choke.

"If I had to explain it, I'd say my situation is more like that of a 'ghost-calling.'"<br />
"So like I said, a ghost..."<br />
"Noooo, not that kind of ghost!"<br />
One argument later, Hamavaran finally understood that what she called "ghost-calling" was something roughly equivalent to what in Sumeru is known as "spirit-warding."<br />
Both involve signing a pact using one's real name. The notion that you can command someone when you know their real name is common to many of the world's mystic traditions, and it highlights a core fear held by humans: the fear of being under someone else's control.

With thoughts thusly wandering, Hamavaran once again began to regret specializing in the much-neglected discipline of marine biology instead of mysticism...<br />
First I have to sail all the way to Inazuma, then I have to go through the living hell that is a thesis defense...<br />
But maybe running into this noisy little thing is a stroke of good luck for me...

==Trivia==
* The book {{Lang|''The Saga of Hamavaran''|ja=ハマヴァラーン戦記}} may be derived from the Japanese light novel {{Lang|''{{w|The Heroic Legend of Arslan}}''|ja=アルスラーン戦記}}, the story of which is set in a legendary vision of an indistinct amalgam of over a thousand years of ancient Persia and nearby other countries.
* The name ''Hamavaran'' seems to be derived from the Persian word {{Lang|{{w|Hamavaran|Hāmāvarān}}|fa=هاماوَران}}, which is the name of a kingdom in old Persian mythology. The name mainly appears in {{w|Shahnameh}}, a long epic poem written by a Persian poet.
* The creator of [[Pursina's Spike]]s and the author of ''The Saga of Hamavaran'' are unlikely to be the same person, but neither have been given personal names to distinguish them.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Saga of Hamavaran
|zhs     = 哈玛瓦兰战记
|zhs_rm  = Hāmǎwǎlán Zhàn Jì
|zht     = 哈瑪瓦蘭戰記
|zht_rm  = Hāmǎwǎlán Zhàn Jì
|zh_tl   = Hamavaran War Records
|ja      = ハマヴァラーン戦記
|ja_rm   = Hamavaraan Senki
|ja_tl   = War Records of Hamavaran
|ko      = 하마와란 전기
|ko_rm   = Hamawaran Jeongi
|ko_tl   = War Records of Hamawaran
|es      = Las guerras de Hamavaran
|es_tl   = The Wars of Hamavaran
|fr      = Les guerres d'Hamavaran
|fr_tl   = The Wars of Hamavaran
|ru      = Войны Хамаварана
|ru_tl   = Hamavaran Wars
|th      = สงคราม Hamavaran
|th_rm   = Songkram Hamavaran
|th_tl   = Hamavaran War
|vi      = {{tt|Chiến Ký|战记}} Hamavaran
|vi_tl   = Hamavaran War Records
|de      = Hamavarans Kriege
|de_tl   = Hamavaran's  Wars
|id      = Perang Hamavaran
|id_tl   = Hamavaran War
|pt      = Guerras Hamavaran
|pt_tl   = Hamavaran Wars
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Las guerras de Hamawaran]]
[[ru:Войны Хамаварана]]
[[pt-br:Guerras Hamawaran]]