{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Lagenaria Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Lagenaria Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Baizhu
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = [[Chapter I]]: Act III - [[A New Star Approaches]]
|storyQuestReq  = [[Papilio Charontis Chapter]]: Act I - [[Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away]]
|storyQuestReq2 = [[Alatus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Butterfly's Dream]]
}}
'''The Heart of Healing''' is the first act of [[Baizhu]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Lagenaria Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40 and completed the following:
* {{Quest|A New Star Approaches}}
* {{Quest|Yet the Butterfly Flutters Away}}
* {{Quest|Butterfly's Dream}}

==List of Quests==
# [[The Search for a Physician]]
# [[The Quest for a Cure]]
# [[The Formula for a Miracle]]

==Summary==
;The Search for a Physician 
Walking around [[Liyue Harbor]], the Traveler and Paimon head to [[Bubu Pharmacy]] where they find [[Qiqi]] and [[Herbalist Gui]] talking to a young boy named [[Ayu]]. The two believe that Ayu is lost, though Ayu states that he needs help finding his father. Ayu explains that his father is sickly and his mother has not returned from gathering herbs, so he thought to go to Bubu Pharmacy to find Baizhu, since he is always open. When they arrived at the city, Ayu found his father had left and the [[Millelith]] could not spare too much people to find him, so he was looking for extra help. After Qiqi remarks about having [[Changsheng]] help, she and Baizhu conveniently arrive on scene.

Baizhu asks Ayu what the problem is and he tells him everything he knows. He reveals to know his mother, [[Jiangli]] and that his parents are old acquaintances of his, so he agrees to help in the search. Qiqi and Gui have to close up shop before they can join, so the Traveler and Paimon also volunteer to help. Heading to the gates, the Millelith guards inform them that they could not find his father, but from what they gathered, believe he may be around [[Luhua Pool]]. They find a man who nearly walks off a cliff, only for someone to stop them, later revealed to be [[Hu Tao]]. Hu Tao is pleased to see the Traveler and Paimon, but less so when she sees Baizhu with them. Ayu asks his father, [[Jialiang]] to try to remember why they came to the city, though he appears to suffer from memory loss. Paimon suggests taking him back to the pharmacy straight away, but Hu Tao stops the suggestion, stating that Baizhu already knows what's going on.

Baizhu then remarks that Jialiang has god remains inside him and if not dealt with, would cause a massive outbreak in the area. However, he then states that he has a duty to save his patients, especially Jialiang per his master's dying wish. He asks for a day of grace to try and resolve the problem, though Hu Tao is initially suspicious of his intentions. To alleviate her concerns, he invites her over to observe, which she accepts. Once back at the pharmacy, he uses a secret technique to try and fix him, having everyone leave first under the pretense that he must not be distracted.

While waiting outside, the Traveler talks with Hu Tao and asks about her relationship with Baizhu, his master and how they could identify god remains. Hu Tao tells them that while the threat of dead gods haven't been around since the Archon Wars, they were still taught to identify them. She also reveals that his master was her grandfather's younger brother. When they went to [[Chenyu Vale]], they met a pharmacist and she suspected that they cast a spell on him, as the two ended up arguing and her great-uncle had left the family business. Paimon is confused as to how their relationship collapsed so sudden. She tells them that according to her grandfather, the pharmacist had an ominous aura around them and the medicine they practiced went against the natural rules and that Baizhu sought immortality. 

The following day, they return to the pharmacy where Jialiang appears to be in good health again, though Changsheng advises he stay in the city for a few days. Ayu had gone and asked the [[Adventurers' Guild]] to help find her mother while waiting. Changsheng then claims that she needs some air, so Baizhu heads out. Concerned, the Traveler and Paimon follow them, discovering him in poor health. He then admits that he did not cure Jialiang, rather he had transferred some of his life force to him to stave off the poison through Changsheng's secret arts. Ultimately worried for his well-being, they offer to help find the problem before it gets worse, so Baizhu suggests heading to the family home to figure out when he contracted the illness.

;The Quest for a Cure
Arriving at Ayu's home, the four immediately set about looking for clues. The Traveler and Paimon do not find anything of note, but Baizhu and Changsheng found a hidden compartment of poison. Baizhu deduces that the poison is of a "minor" offshoot that is being used to manipulate and control; Jiangli was the one doing this, though they are not sure as to why she would do so. Nonetheless, eliminating the main source is the utmost concern, as doing so will alleviate all of Jialiang's issues. Baizhu asks the Traveler about deceased gods in the village, though they don't know much about it. They then decide to call [[Xiao]], who is surprised to see Baizhu, who likewise returns the sentiment. They ask him about dead gods in the area, which Xiao confirms as that of [[Chi]] underneath the village. While he does not want to get involved in mortal affairs, as demonic forces are at play, he tells the Traveler not to hesitate if they need his aid. Before he learns, he also warns Baizhu that immortality might not what he had envisioned it as.

Baizhu decides that they'll need to find the cave entrance to locate the source just as Gui runs in and informs them that Jialiang took a turn for the worse. Changsheng is surprised, remarking that he should've been fine for at least three days. Returning to the pharmacy, Baizhu sets him back straight, but per usual, begins to suffer from his own ailments. Speaking with him privately, Baizhu reveals to the Traveler that Jiangli was using Chi's remains to treat her husband's underlying heart conditions to save him, though it was also harming his body. Jialiang then comes in, wanting to come so he could reunite with his wife, having accepted death. Baizhu warns him of this but agrees to take him once he consents. Before they leave, he asks Qiqi to prepare some medication.

;The Formula for a Miracle
Returning to Qingce Village, Jialiang complains of problems, prompting Baizhu to wonder if they're getting close to the source or if it's due to the large leak in his body. Fortunately, Jialiang manages to find the source coming from a tunnel, which Paimon believes to be the handiwork of [[Treasure Hoarders]], though Baizhu is unsure as to why they left all their tools behind. Navigating the complex, they find a censer filled with monster-repelling incense, though Baizhu states that something deeper inside must have enticed the monsters to enter. 

At the end of the system, they find a [[Geovishap]] and an unconscious Jiangli. Upon killing it, Baizhu checks on her condition and states that the god remains are killing her just like they are to him. Paimon suggests destroying it, but is reminded that doing so would kill Jialiang in the process. Jialiang accepts his death however, as he knew that he had lived far longer than he should have and appreciated all of his time with his family. Baizhu proceeds to destroy Chi's remains, causing Jiangli to regain consciousness while Jialiang supposedly dies. 

Jialiang instead regains consciousness in Bubu Pharmacy and is surprised to see his wife and son, before noticing that he has strange marks all over his body. Baizhu reveals that he is now something of a zombie, as he had Qiqi prepare an Elixir of Immortality to prevent him from fully crossing into the afterlife, so he could properly say his goodbyes when it expired. Hu Tao is somewhat exasperated at having another "Qiqi", stating that if she knew Baizhu would have revived him, she would've whisked him off to the funeral parlor. Jiangli has a private conversation with Baizhu regarding the incident and Changsheng's powers. She warns him to use her powers wisely as she does not want him to die either. As she leaves to join the feast, the Traveler and Paimon come in, asking him what she meant by that. Changsheng explains that to use her powers, she and her host would share a contract and that all of them had died young. Baizhu intends to break this cycle, by learning the secrets of immortality so that he would be Changsheng's final host to prevent her from dying, while also ensuring that no one else would follow in her previous hosts' fate. 

Ayu's family and Qiqi call out to them to share the meal, and as the Traveler and Paimon leave to join them, Baizhu and Changsheng remark about mortal life.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|The Heart of Healing|type=Story Quest}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Heart of Healing
|zhs      = 医心
|zhs_rm   = Yīxīn
|zht      = 醫心
|zht_rm   = Yīxīn
|zh_tl    = A Doctor's Heart
|ja       = 医心
|ja_rm    = Ishin{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = A Doctor's Heart
|ko       = 의사<->의 마음
|ko_tl    = Heart of a Doctor
|es       = Un corazón sanador
|es_tl    = A Healing Heart
|fr       = L'art des soins
|fr_tl    = The Art of Medical Care
|ru       = Врачевание
|ru_tl    = Healing
|th       = หัวใจการรักษา
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tấm Lòng Thầy Thuốc
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Herz des Heilens
|de_tl    = Heart of Healing
|id       = Hati Seorang Penyembuh
|id_tl    = The Heart of a Healer
|pt       = Arte de Curar
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Şifacının Yüreği
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Cuore curativo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[es:Un corazón sanador]]
[[pt-br:Arte de Curar]]
[[vi:Tấm Lòng Thầy Thuốc]]