{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest The Art of Cooking.png
|id            = 00467
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = Learn now to [[cook]] and obtain [[food]].
|requirement   = Clear the hilichurl camp in [[Going Upon the Breeze]]
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|exp           = 125
|mora          = 25,000
|other         = {{Card|Mushroom|5}}{{Card|Fowl|10}}{{Card|Wheat|5}}{{Card|Bird Egg|5}}
|characters    = Traveler; Paimon; Lynn
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''The Art of Cooking''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
Pass by [[Lynn]]'s camp by the bridge leading to [[Mondstadt]] to start the quest.
# Speak to Lynn
#* She will provide you with 2 [[Fowl]]. If you are missing any other ingredients, investigate the barrel to her left using your interact button to get 1 [[Fowl]] and 1 [[Mushroom]].
#* Use the campfire and pot to cook the skewers.
# Give the [[Chicken-Mushroom Skewer]] to Lynn

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|On the outskirts of the [[City of Mondstadt]], the adventurer [[Lynn]] is currently preparing to make a meal...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(As you pass by Lynn)
:'''Paimon''': What's that...? It smells so good!

;(Talk to Lynn)
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 01.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' What should I cook next...?
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 02.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Oh, are you travelers from around here as well?
:{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, we just happen to be passing by. *sniff* *sniff* What are you cooking? Smells good!
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 03.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' I see. Welcome, travelers!
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 04.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' I'm Lynn, the survival expert of the Adventurers' Guild. As you can see, I'm experimenting with some new recipes.
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 05.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' "Eat before you go" – The first rule in the "Wilderness Survival Guide."
:{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A picnic! Oh, Paimon just loves picnics!
:{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' My travel partner here is good at cooking as well!
:{{DIcon}} I can only cook a few simple dishes...
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 06a 1.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' That's okay. Let's see what you can do!
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 06a 2.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' You won't get a lot of chances like this to learn from a survival expert!
:{{DIcon}} That's right, I love cooking too.
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 06b 1.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Oh, there's a cooking pot right here. Show me what you got!
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 06b 2.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' It's good to have someone to practice with.
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 07.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' There are some Mushrooms and meat in the barrel over there. Try making a {{Color|buzzword|Chicken-Mushroom Skewer}} for me.

;(Talk to Lynn again)
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 08.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Have you got all the ingredients?
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 09.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' You can use my {{Color|buzzword|pot}} right here. Use it all you want.

----

;(Talk to Lynn after cooking)
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 10.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Is it done? Mmm... Smells good!
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 11.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Let me try...
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 12.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 13.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' *nom* *nom*
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 14.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Wow...
:{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh... Uh oh...
:;(If delicious)
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 15a.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Now that's really tasty! You are indeed gifted!
::{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon told you so!
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 16a.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' With your culinary skills, you should try more difficult dishes.
:;(If normal)
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 15b.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' The seasoning is just right. Tastes pretty good.
::{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon told you so!
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 16b.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' With your culinary skills, you should try more difficult dishes.
:;(If suspicious)
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 15c.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' The taste is... hard to describe. A borderline pass!
::{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 05c a.ogg}} {{A|vo tips cooking paimon 05c b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? (Traveler) can do better. That doesn't count!
::{{A|vo tips cooking lin 16c.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' You have great potential. All you need is more practice.
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 17.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' Oh. I've got some raw ingredients in my bag. Have them in return for this meal.
:{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon''': Can we really have them? Won't you run out of ingredients?
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 18.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' That's okay. You should be able to find lots of ingredients when {{Color|buzzword|exploring the wilderness}}. Don't forget to look carefully.
:{{A|vo tips cooking lin 19.ogg}} '''Lynn:''' There's also a restaurant in Mondstadt known as {{Color|buzzword|Good Hunter}} that sells food and ingredients. Go have a look when you've got the time.
:{{A|vo tips cooking paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon''': Okay, thank you for the info. *gasp* Hey! Leave some Chicken-Mushroom Skewers for Paimon!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Art of Cooking
|zhs     = 烹饪的诀窍
|zhs_rm  = Pēngrèn de Juéqiào
|zht     = 烹飪的訣竅
|zht_rm  = Pēngrèn de Juéqiào
|zh_tl   = The Key to Culinary Success
|ja      = 料理のコツ
|ja_rm   = Ryouri no Kotsu
|ja_tl   = The Know-How of Cooking
|ko      = 요리의 비법
|ko_rm   = Yori-ui Bibeop
|ko_tl   = The Secret Method of Cooking
|es      = Secretos culinarios
|es_tl   = Culinary Secrets
|fr      = Le secret d'une bonne cuisine
|fr_tl   = The Secret of Good Cooking
|ru      = Кулинарное искусство
|ru_tl   = Culinary Art
|th      = เคล็ดลับการปรุงอาหาร
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bí quyết nấu nướng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geheimnis des Kochens
|de_tl   = Secret of Cooking
|id      = Teknik memasak
|id_tl   = Cooking Technique
|pt      = A Arte de Cozinhar
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yemek Yapma Sanatı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = L'arte culinaria
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[fr:Le secret d'une bonne cuisine]]
[[ja:料理のコツ]]
[[pt-br:A Arte de Cozinhar]]
[[ru:Кулинарное искусство]]