{{Quest Infobox
|title         = The Peaks and Troughs of Life
|id            = 74671
|image         = The Peaks and Troughs of Life (Quest).png
|type          = World
|characters    = Macadell; Traveler; Paimon
|startLocation = [[Beryl Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Beryl Region
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[The Peaks and Troughs of Life]] Event
|event_name    = The Peaks and Troughs of Life
}}
'''''The Peaks and Troughs of Life''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during [[The Peaks and Troughs of Life]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Macadell

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Researcher Macadell of the institute seems to be troubled by something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Macadell)
:'''Macadell:''' Blast! Core output is still too inconsistent. My project is done for if it goes on like this...
:'''Traveler:''' What are you doing?
:'''Macadell:''' AAAAH! Y&mdash;You scared me! It could have turned messy had I pushed this button!
:'''Macadell:''' Judging by your look... You're not from the [[Adventurers' Guild]].
:{{DIcon}} Did you publish a commission with the Guild?
::'''Macadell:''' No, I don't have the money for that... And I'm no good at dealing with adventurers.
:{{DIcon}} Did you hire adventurers for protection?
::'''Macadell:''' I can't afford them. They ask far too much for their services...
:'''Macadell:''' I'm just "collaborating" on a project with the Adventurers' Guild...
:'''Macadell:''' Oops, I forgot to introduce myself. I am [[Macadell]], a researcher with the [[Fontaine Research Institute]].
:'''Macadell:''' The project I worked on was the "Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device."
:'''Macadell:''' Thanks to the combined efforts of my fellow team members, we built the first prototype.
:'''Macadell:''' Then... Well, like everyone knows, a huge explosion occurred at the Institute.
:'''Macadell:''' The project leader and most of the members of the project team perished in the blast.
:'''Macadell:''' Apart from me, there's basically nobody else who can continue the work and push the research forward...
:'''Macadell:''' But... given the turmoil within the Institute, I must demonstrate its value as soon as possible in order to keep the project alive.
:'''Macadell:''' So, after consulting with all parties, the Adventurers' Guild and I reached an accord.
:'''Macadell:''' I wanted to use the prototype Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device as the core to create a Pressurized Impactor.
:'''Macadell:''' I wanted to use the operational performance of the Pressurized Impactors to prove the Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device's reliability.
:'''Macadell:''' And I did successfully build the machine, and began operating it.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like everything went fine.
::'''Macadell:''' Hahaha, yes, indeed... Until the Pressurized Impactor started running.
:{{DIcon}} That doesn't sound like a problem.
::'''Macadell:''' Yes, other than the machine itself, everything worked perfectly.
:'''Macadell:''' *sigh* I'd get a headache every time I talk about this.
:'''Macadell:''' I have no idea if the problem is with the prototype's design, or flaws in the Pressurized Impactor's method of energy {{sic|tramfer}}...
:'''Macadell:''' The power going from the Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device to the Pressurized Impactor always fluctuated wildly.
:'''Macadell:''' And that made the Impactor's output unpredictable as well!
:'''Macadell:''' When the output is high, this machine can easily crush rocks. But when output is low, even drilling a hole in mud is challenging.
:'''Macadell:''' Given the situation with the Institute, it was basically impossible for me to go back and rebuild the Portable Mini Pneumousia Storage Device...
:'''Macadell:''' I can only install an extra surveillance device on the prototype to monitor the strength of its energy output in real-time.
:'''Macadell:''' I just have to activate the Pressurized Impactor when the output is at its highest peak to maximize the potential!
:{{DIcon}} That's way too convoluted!
::'''Macadell:''' But that's the best and cheapest solution I could think of... What else can I do?
:{{DIcon}} That's not going to work...
::'''Macadell:''' Please don't say that! It's the best solution I've got. I swear, it's really useful!
:'''Macadell:''' *sigh* The Adventurers' Guild is probably thinking the same thing. That's why they haven't sent anyone yet...
:'''Macadell:''' What are we going to do? If we don't have the test data, I can't report back to the Institute...
:'''Macadell:''' Traveler, if you don't mind, could you help me out?
:'''Macadell:''' I assure you, my device is totally reliable! I even made a bunch of plug-ins for it that can enhance its various functionalities!
:{{DIcon}} What if I can't get the timing right?
::'''Macadell:''' It's okay, the worst scenario is... that it doesn't have enough output. It won't blow up or anything.
::'''Macadell:''' All you have to do is wait for the next energy peak, then turn the machine on to get the maximum output.
:{{DIcon}} It won't blow up on me, will it?
::'''Macadell:''' That's absolutely not possible. I added a lot of safety and monitoring devices, so the worst case scenario that it doesn't have enough output. An explosion is impossible.
::'''Macadell:''' And even if you miss an energy peak, that's all right too. 
::'''Macadell:''' Just wait for the next energy peak, then turn the machine on to get the maximum output. 
:'''Macadell:''' Relax, Traveler. This machine is totally safe, and... after the test is over, I'll even pay you!
:'''Macadell:''' Then I'll leave it to you! My future, the future of this machine... And my future place in this project! It's all in your hands!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|The Peaks and Troughs of Life}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}
[[pt-br:Os Picos e Vales da Vida (Missão)]]
[[ru:Взлёты и падения (задание)]]