{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71808
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Star Approaches]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|exp           = 150
|mora          = 80,000
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 186
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}
|characters    = Jiayi; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''The Secret of Nantianmen''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Jiayi]]
# Investigate the unusual activity in Nantianmen
#* There are three investigation points.
# Report back to Jiayi

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Jiayi]] from [[Liyue Harbor]] has gotten himself tangled up in more troublesome affairs, and is looking for some help...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Jiayi:''' It's just like they say &mdash; no matter how hard you work, there's always more to do...
:{{DIcon}} Something the matter?
:'''Jiayi:''' *sigh* Now that the crisis has passed, things in the city have been gradually returning to normal.
:'''Jiayi:''' I thought that we might be able to take it a little easier once it was all over.
:'''Jiayi:''' Little did I know that on top of our usual guard duty and other day-to-day work, they'd have us helping out in other departments from time to time, too...
:'''Jiayi:''' All these little things add up to mean that we're actually busier than ever.
:'''Jiayi:''' I was called to help collect and organize some incoming paperwork, and then I had to patrol the city and settle an escort request from a merchant caravan...
:'''Jiayi:''' *sigh* And on top of all that... Just a few days ago, we received a report that there have been intermittent earthquakes near Nantianmen. We've sent someone to investigate, but they found everything to be completely normal.
:'''Jiayi:''' That doesn't mean we can afford to lower our guard though &mdash; this is an earthquake we're talking about. So, we are still sending people to check on the area every so often.
:'''Jiayi:''' Unfortunately, however, we're very short-handed at the moment... Traveler, if you have the time, would you mind heading over to Nantianmen and taking a look for me?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Jiayi:''' Thank you very much. *sigh* I must be off, duty calls...
:{{DIcon}} What am I supposed to be looking for?
::'''Jiayi:''' Good question... if I had to guess, I'd say probably... monsters, or something.
::'''Jiayi:''' As for the earthquakes... No one we've sent so far has encountered anything of the sort. So, maybe the person who initially reported it was just getting confused.
::'''Jiayi:''' Well, I shall leave the matter of Nantianmen to you. Ugh, I'm already running late for my next assignment...

;(Talk to Jiayi again)
:'''Jiayi:''' *sigh* So much to do...
----
;(Investigate the first location)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, nothing strange over here...

;(Investigate the second location)
:'''Paimon:''' Nothing weird over here...

;(Approach the last location)
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like there's nothing strange going on here after all.
:'''Paimon:''' Everything's... pretty normal.
----
;(Talk to Jiayi)
:'''Jiayi:''' You're back. What's the situation?
:{{DIcon}} Everything seems normal...
:'''Jiayi:''' Normal? So... no earthquakes, no monsters? How strange...
:'''Jiayi:''' Still, normality is good news. Thank you for your assistance, please take these as a token of my gratitude.
:'''Jiayi:''' Right, onto the next task... No matter how much I get done, there's always more to do...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Secret of Nantianmen
|zhs     = 南天门之谜
|zhs_rm  = Nántiānmén zhī Mí
|zht     = 南天門之謎
|zht_rm  = Nántiānmén zhī Mí
|zh_tl   = The Mystery of Nantianmen
|ja      = 南天門の謎
|ja_rm   = Nantenmon no nazo
|ja_tl   = The Mystery of Nantianmen
|ko      = 남천문의 수수께끼
|ko_rm   = Namcheonmun-ui Susukkekki
|ko_tl   = The Mystery of Nantianmen
|es      = El enigma de la Montaña Nantianmen
|es_tl   = The Enigma of Mount Nantianmen
|fr      = Énigme à Nantianmen
|fr_tl   = Enigma in Nantianmen
|ru      = Загадка Южных небесных врат
|ru_tl   = The Secret of the Southern Heavenly Gate
|th      = ปริศนาแห่ง Nantianmen
|th_rm   = Pritsana haeng Nantianmen
|th_tl   = The Puzzle of Nantianmen
|vi      = Câu Đố Nam Thiên Môn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Geheimnis von Nantianmen
|de_tl   = The Secret of Nantianmen
|id      = Rahasia Nantianmen
|id_tl   = Nantianmen Secret
|pt      = O Enigma do Monte Nantianmen
|pt_tl   = The Enigma of Mount Nantianmen
|tr      = Nantianmen'in Sırrı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il segreto di Nantianmen
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:El enigma de la Montaña Nantianmen]]