{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74183
|image         = World Quest The Last Day of Remuria.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Canticles of Harmony
|actNum        = 3
|actNumLabel   = Second Movement
|actType       = None
|act           = Prisoner in Shackles
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Boethius; Este (Golem); Osse; Paimon; Remus; Scylla; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Faded Castle]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Nostoi Region; Sea of Bygone Eras
|subarea       = Caesareum Palace; Capitolium; Faded Castle; Hortus Euergetis; Initium Iani; Machimos; Portus Anticus
|prev          = Underwater Nocturne
|next          = Gradus ad Capitolium
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Primogem*30;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*2
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''The Last Day of Remuria''''' is the first and only quest in {{Quest|Prisoner in Shackles}}.

==Steps==
# Head to the [[Sea of Bygone Eras]]
# Keep exploring
# Continue onward
# Break the chains that bind [[Scylla]]
#* Southern chain:
#** Wave 1: {{Enemy|Praetorian Golem|x=2}}
#** Wave 2: {{Enemy|Praetorian Golem|text=Nameless Golem}}
#* At the northwestern chain, a trust gauge will appear during negotiations. If negotiation succeeds, no battle is fought. Otherwise, the player must fight {{Enemy|Praetorian Golem|x=2}}.
# Head to where Scylla is
# Pass through the [[Initium Iani]] with Scylla
#* Failing to shatter a stalactite in time takes the player to the start of this step.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing step 4 grants the {{Achievement|Contra Mundum}}.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Omnes Viae Remam Ducunt}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After learning the true identity of "[[Cassiodor|Monsieur Os]]," you decide to go to the Sea of Bygone Eras to track down [[Boethius]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the Sea of Bygone Eras)
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Really, now... Not even a trace of civilization remains...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Well, no need to wax nostalgic then. Let's just get through this place first.

;(Scylla appears)
:'''Paimon:''' That strange, glowing fish... Paimon never thought we'd run into it here too.

;(Approach Scylla)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... Looks just like that glowing fish we saw before!
:'''Paimon:''' There are still weird things tangled around the top nearby... What the heck is going on? Paimon's getting more and more confused...
:{{DIcon}} I've heard this voice in a dream before...
::{{DIcon}} I can't remember his name anymore, though...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Yes, you must have met him in the [[Remus|Sebastos]]'s dream, did you not?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Scylla, a fell dragon who once served the Sebastos. He was subdued and sealed here by Boethius.
:'''Paimon:''' Ehh!? Mr. Super Rude subdued an evil dragon? Paimon didn't think he could do something that amazing...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Well, "fell dragon" was the name they gave, but it was no more than a [[vishap]] that was a teensy bit stronger than normal. After all, no new [[Hydro Dragon]] could be born so long as the [[Egeria|Mistress of Many Waters]] hibernated in the deep seas.
:{{DIcon}} I never thought that [[vishap]]s could get this large.
::'''Monsieur Os:''' Hmph. After all, they are little more than uncultured barbarians. It would be unsurprising if they grew into something much stranger.
;({{Cx}})<!-- Most likely conditional: AQ completion? -->
:{{DIcon}} Speaking of which, isn't [[Neuvillette]]...
::'''Paimon:''' That's right! Neuvillette's the Hydro Dragon, isn't he? That doesn't mean that this guy's way older than even him, does it?
::'''Monsieur Os:''' A new Dragon of Water has already been born? Then again, it has been a long time since even the former Mistress of Many Waters passed... So much time has passed...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' In any case, the evil dragon Scylla was once the Sebastos's friend, but he revolted at a critical juncture in the showdown between us Remurians and the... Fontainians.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' At that time, Scylla led the brutal Dragonborn to [[Machimos]], intent on breaching the inner city, [[Capitolium]], where the Sebastos resided.
:{{DIcon}} Machimos?
:{{DIcon}} I heard people talking about that in town.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, the people in town were always talking about some Machimos, and a belltower or something...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Correct. "Machimos" is the outer city of the capital, but should the fell dragon wish to enter the inner city, he must pass through the Initium Iani.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' That is the barrier separating the inner and outer parts of the capital, and the Symphony weaved by the Sebastos and the musicians which covered all of [[Remuria]] passed through the Initium Iani and its golden waterways.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Boethius and his legions used this fact to shut the Initium Iani, thus finally sealing the evil dragon.
:{{DIcon}} (Something's not right about that story...)
::{{DIcon}} (The dreamscape from before... Back then...)
:::{{DIcon}} (Scylla should have come and seen Remus before...)
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Perhaps Scylla sought to go before the Sebastos's throne, but such an opportunity is now forever lost. Afterward, the evil dragon sank alongside Remuria, and the Sebastos too was lost, remaining so to this very day...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Did you recall something, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} It all feels a bit muddled...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' That is true... I only heard tell of events after it had all transpired myself, having not been in the capital when the disaster struck...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Then, none knew just what had happened to the Sebastos. I fear that we can only learn more by proceeding further.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' The large glowing fish that we saw in the castle must be the thoughts that escaped from fissures in Scylla's stony cell.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' I fear he has already taken notice of our presence. Having been sealed here for so long, now that he's finally sensed outsiders, he will naturally find a way to lure us in.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's it...
:'''Paimon:''' Hang on a minute! You said that the way to [[Domus Aurea]] is through those gates or something, but hasn't Boethius shut them already? Doesn't this mean there's no getting through?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' This will prove quite tricky, yes...
:'''Paimon:''' Bah, there's gotta be a limit to how rude you can be! What's with this "I'll wait for you at Domus Aurea, mwahaha!" nonsense when you won't even leave the door open, huh!?
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, why don't we find some way to break the seal on the evil dragon, and get the former foe he beat to break the door down for us?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' No! How could we do such a thing!? I mean, after, that is one of Remuria's nemeses...
:{{DIcon}} But the enemy of my enemy is my friend, no?
:{{DIcon}} But Remuria is long gone, no?
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. It's been so long. For all you know, he might've decided to turn over a new leaf and be a nice dragon!
:'''Monsieur Os:''' But he is still a dragon...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh, come on, so what? Even if he is a dragon, he might be the reasonable kind we can talk with. We've got experience in dealing with dragons, don't we, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Well, there was that time with [[Dvalin]]...
::'''Paimon:''' Yup, that bit where he kicked up a storm in [[Mondstadt]] while under the influence of a curse. We had a big fight because of it, too...
;(If the player has completed ''[[No Mere Stone]]'')
:{{DIcon}} We had that little run-in with [[Azhdaha]]...
::'''Paimon:''' Right, he was trying to break that seal, so we teamed up with everyone and had to beat him together before we could reseal him...
;(If the player has completed ''[[Homecoming]]'')
:{{DIcon}} We encountered [[Apep]] in the desert...
::'''Paimon:''' Right, she even went on about wanting to destroy [[Sumeru]]... And then we had to defeat the anomalous lifeforms within her before we managed to get her healthy again...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, those examples weren't very convincing, were they...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' C&mdash;C'mon, Osse, no amount of suspicious looks is going to suddenly give us better options!
:'''Monsieur Os:''' *sigh* I know. You're right. Let's give it a try.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' The seals that bind the evil dragon seem to be connected to three locations. Let us begin by removing the chains in those three places.

;(Talk to Monsieur Os near Scylla, optional)
:'''Monsieur Os''' I still have my concerns... If upon his release he should prove as brutal as he was back then, it will be difficult to subdue him once more...

;(Talk to Monsieur Os near an [[Wonderchime Flowers and Allochromatic Anemones|Allochromatic Anemone]] puzzle, optional)
:'''Monsieur Os''' This creature seems to feed off the power of the "symphony"... So this is the isolated ecology of the deep seas, huh...

;(Talk to Monsieur Os near a [[Swaying Eels in the Coral Reefs|Swaying Eels]] puzzle, optional)
:'''Monsieur Os''' Oh? Is something hiding amongst the corals?
----
;(Approach the southern chain)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like there are lots of golems here! Careful!
:'''Paimon:''' Waah, they're coming right at us!

;(After defeating the golems near the southern chain)
:'''Nameless Golem:''' Dominus Cassiodor! Dominus Cassiodor... Is that you?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' ...
:'''Nameless Golem:''' It is you! Just as I thought! You've finally returned...
:'''Nameless Golem:''' I was ordered to guard this fortress, but the cruel Vishaps and attacks of the barbarians were simply too much for me, so I was forced back step by step until I arrived here.
:'''Nameless Golem:''' It seems as though many, many years have passed since then... What tidings from beyond? Were we victorious?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' ...
:'''Nameless Golem:''' ...Is that so? Then we lost.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' I am sorry...
:'''Nameless Golem:''' Do not say such things, Honored Dominus. I had already imagined this day might come when I joined the Sebastos's legions.
:'''Nameless Golem:''' Did the Sebastos not say that he wanted to lead us to break the shackles of "[[Fortuna]]"? But is doing so that simple?
:'''Nameless Golem:''' After all, what we struggle against is fate itself, and defying fate is a feat beyond even the greatest of the gods.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' In the end, all our efforts were in vain...
:'''Nameless Golem:''' Nay, say not so, Dominus. We took up arms against divine destiny, and our deeds challenged the laws of heaven. We resisted that prophecy, resisted it most valiantly...
:'''Nameless Golem:''' Though we failed in the end... Someone must have betrayed us, led us astray...
:'''Nameless Golem:''' Still, the outcome no longer matters. Come what may, our deeds shall be carved into this world's "history"...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Why did he just fall over like that? Can stone people also just... suddenly faint?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' I still do not know his name... It appears his "history" has now reached its conclusion.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, that's so sad! Has he just been fighting here, all these thousands of years?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' But now, he is finally at peace. Let us continue onward.

:'''Monsieur Os:''' ...Quickly, undo the chains here.

;(Talk to Monsieur Os, optional)
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Those souls... The shadows of the past lingering here... If we can defeat Boethius, perhaps they too can at last find peace...
:{{DIcon}} Why would their souls...
::'''Monsieur Os:''' Obsession? Delusions? Regardless, the bodies created by the Sebastos offered us a sanctuary to which we could flee.
::'''Monsieur Os:''' Just as he hoped, the sea will steal neither our souls nor our lives... But it is because of this that our souls have become all the heavier.
::'''Monsieur Os:''' Rather than my kin now being trapped beneath the depths by the Symphony, it is more accurate to say that they, like Boethius, are bound here by their own obsession.
::'''Monsieur Os:''' A pitiable fate...
:{{DIcon|Hand}} (Pet him.)
:;(If the player pets Monsieur Os's face)
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' Is this your way of encouraging me? Well, I gladly accept!
:;(If the player pets Monsieur Os's back or back leg)
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' Ugh. You're getting carried away, aren't you?
:;(If the player pets Monsieur Os's tail)
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' Ugh. You're getting carried away, aren't you?
:;(If the player touches Monsieur Os's pendant, one of the following lines displays at random)
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' This token was given to me by the Sebastos. It is as important to me as life itself.
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' This is, in truth, a fragment of the great Symphony... You could call it my last link to ancient Remuria.
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' As long as this remains, Boethius cannot be said to have complete mastery over the Symphony.
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing.
::'''Monsieur Os:''' Alright. If there is anything you wish to know, do not hesitate to ask me.
----
;(Approach the northwestern chain)
:'''Leader:''' Hey, you! Yes, you! You gibbering imbecile! Why do you delay!? Even if we waste away, the treasure won't move itself, surely!
:'''The Dude They Call "Idiot":''' Nay, sir! It's just that they are simply too heavy! We've been at this all day, yet there's still so much left...
:'''Leader:''' Where, then, is the intrinsic merit in feeding that prodigious size of yours!? It's treasure, you brute, treasure! Of course it's heavy!
:'''Leader:''' Besides, we "confiscated" all these treasures from those accursed barbarians, did we not?
:'''Leader:''' Leaving such wealth in the hands of those insects who live like swine and mongrels would be a terrible waste!
:'''The Dude They Call "Idiot":''' But Sir, don't you think we should've brought a few more ships if we wanted to haul all this back to Remuria?
:'''Leader:''' What are you, slow? Imperial cargo ships are not to be used for such a thing!
:'''The Dude They Call "Idiot":''' Well, why don't we destroy what we cannot carry? Better than to {{sic|having}} it fall into the hands of these savages!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, is it just Paimon, or have we heard this conversation before...?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like when we first arrived in [[Petrichor]]...
:{{DIcon}} It's that bit with the "Treasure Hoarders" all over again.
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, those unlucky adventurers we drove off before were saying similar stuff.
:'''Paimon:''' Feels like this round's worse than the last, too!
:'''Paimon:''' Is it possible they were turned into golems after the boat they were on sank?
:'''Paimon:''' That's so creepy!
:'''Este:''' Are you of Legio IX? What are you doing here? Should you all not have been ordered to retreat to [[Fort Charybdis Ruins|Fort Charybdis]]?
:'''Leader:''' Hey, [[Este (Golem)|Este]]! Don't you dare ruin our fun, you hear?
:'''Leader:''' These barbarians are less of a threat than dead fish anyway, so just let us have our fun messing about here for a while longer, would you?
:'''Este:''' These treasures... *sigh* I don't know what orders your [[Harmost]] gave you...
:'''Este:''' But did the Sebastos not order us to subdue these ignorant tribes and free them of fate's shackles? Those orders do not include such... clearly criminal deeds.
:'''Leader:''' Hah? Surely you jest! The orders of our commander, mighty Dominus Boethius, were indeed to punish these savages harshly.
:'''Leader:''' And besides, we have received no punishment. That means that both [[Phobos]] and the Sebastos, our Imperator, approve of our actions.
:'''Leader:''' So what's all this talk about crimes... Are you trying to start trouble?
:'''Este:''' But...
:'''Paimon:''' There's another Este here? Well, aren't things getting weirder by the moment?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' It appears that it is time to answer that question of yours.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' The [[Este (Human)|Este]] you met in town must be a descendant of Remurians. His ancestor must have followed me to join the new nation all those years ago, becoming an ordinary Fontainian.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' As such, the "symphony" that has stolen these Fontainians' souls would not affect him. But in turn, the melody that records his ancestor's memories had nowhere to go, and so attached itself to that statue.
:'''Paimon:''' So you mean that the Este here is Town-Este's ancestor, the real "Este the Quick-Witted"? What about the others?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Just wandering souls, lost in their memories. Let us go have a look.
:{{Black Screen|You walk up together with Monsieur Os...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Hello there, Este.
:'''Este:''' Yes, hello. And who are you, exactly?
:'''Este:''' You do not appear to be Remurians. Are you savages, then?
:{{DIcon}} I'm just a passing traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I can get pretty savage.
:'''Este:''' Well, this is a battlefield, and you put yourselves in great peril. You should leave this place, regardless of who you are.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Este, it is I. It has been a while.
:'''Este:''' ...Skies above, it's you, Dominus Cassiodor! You so rarely appear in this form that I almost failed to recognize you.
:'''Este:''' And as for these two... Are they your attendants?
:{{DIcon}} You can just take that to be so.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I'm his owner.
::'''Este:''' ...Huh?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, hey, {{Traveler}}, stop complicating things further! Don't worry, {{MC|m=he|f=she}} was just joking, Este, so please, continue.
:'''Este:''' Still, Dominus Cassiodor, what brings you here? Did the Sebastos not send you to... Damnation! I cannot remember! Am I in some dream?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' That does seem to be the case.
:'''Este:''' Haha! Surely you jest! The Sebastos must have assigned you some secret mission again, or else I am an ignoramus!
:'''Monsieur Os:''' You guess correctly. Speaking of which, why are the legionnaires of Legio IX guarding those chains?
:'''Este:''' The chains... You mean the treasure, yes? I believe them to be spoils of war.
:'''Este:''' Though the Sebastos views war as naught but a sad necessity in fulfilling our grand aspirations and has long outlawed such brutal behaviors...
:'''Este:''' You know as well as I that they have become commonplace nonetheless... We are on the path of darkness, though none perceive it.
:'''Este:''' Dominus Cassiodor, what has happened? Phobos was meant to bring us happiness, but all I feel is a pain I cannot name...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' I, too, am searching for the answer to that question. But it appears that we will have to deal with the problem at hand first.
:'''Este:''' Indeed. Still, those are our legionnaires, so let us solve things peacefully, if we may.
:'''Paimon:''' Ahem, legionnaires of Legio IX!
:'''Leader:''' Huh? Who are you? Este's little helpers?
:{{DIcon}} That we are.
::'''Paimon:''' We're no ordinary helpers! Mighty are we who have come with Dominus Cassiodor, to attend and aid him.
:{{DIcon}} We are special envoys of the Imperator, our Sebastos.
::'''Paimon:''' What kinda rank is that... Well, that's not completely wrong. We're with Dominus Cassiodor.
:{{DIcon}} We are Cassiodor's retainers.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right! Dominus Cassiodor's retainers, that's who we are!
:'''Monsieur Os:''' (It seems you two have quite the penchant for acting.)
:'''Leader:''' Dominus Cassiodor, you say... I heard that the Sebastos had sent him to [[Aremorica]]. Has he returned so soon?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, the one next to us is, in fact...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' ...
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Whatever the case, we have come to survey the frontline legions!
:'''Leader:''' Right. I figured as much.
:'''Leader:''' I mean, we haven't gone to Fort Charybdis with the main body of troops...
:'''Leader:''' But we are the rearguard, so some final "cleanup" is well within our range of duties, eh?
:;(A trust meter appears)
:{{DIcon}} Is this also a command from Phobos?
:'''Leader:''' Well... It should have guided our every move, but since coming here, there have been many times when we could not hear its melody.
:'''Leader:''' As such, we've fallen back on Dominus Boethius's directives.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, that impudent fellow...
:;(Trust meter decreases)
::'''Leader:''' Who do you think you are!? How dare you impugn Dominus Boethius's name so flagrantly!
::'''Leader:''' A Harmost as esteemed as he follows the directives of the Sebastos in all things. His word is as the word of Phobos itself.
::{{DIcon}} Phobos could have made a mistake as well.
::;(Trust meter decreases)
:::'''Leader:''' Hah! Are you sure you're Remurian? Do you not know that Phobos was fashioned by the omnipotent Sebastos and the [[Sybilla|infallible oracle]]?
::{{DIcon}} Yet you are not receiving the melody.
::;(Trust meter increases)
:::'''Leader:''' Well, that is true enough. But in what can we place our trust, if not Phobos?
:::'''Leader:''' Surely it would not stand idly by, were we to diverge from the correct path?
:{{DIcon}} The Sebastos does not permit the harm of innocent people.
:;(Trust meter increases)
::'''Leader:''' Innocent, you say... Yes, he did task us with helping these vulnerable humans before the war began.
::'''Leader:''' But our actions have the tacit approval of Phobos. Could its decrees ever be in conflict with the sacred word of the Sebastos?
::{{DIcon}} Phobos could have made a mistake as well.
::;(Trust meter decreases)
:::'''Leader:''' Hah! Are you sure you're Remurian? Do you not know that Phobos was fashioned by the omnipotent Sebastos and the infallible oracle?
::{{DIcon}} Yet you are not receiving the melody.
::;(Trust meter increases)
:::'''Leader:''' Well, that is true enough. But in what can we place our trust, if not Phobos?
:::'''Leader:''' Surely it would not stand idly by, were we to diverge from the correct path?

:'''Leader:''' Phobos is a perfect creation. I counsel you, as a Remurian, to not doubt its directives.
:{{DIcon}} Perfect? Nothing is truly perfect.
:;(Trust meter decreases)
::'''Leader:''' What are we doing now, debating sophistry? Take it up with those musical erudites in the capital. A soldier's duty is to obey. Complex matters are not my strong suit...
:{{DIcon}} Phobos's silence signifies rejection.
:;(Trust meter increases)
::'''Leader:''' Yes... That is possible. How did I not consider that? Could our rash actions have caused Phobos to cease guiding us?
::'''Leader:''' If so... Then it bodes very ill...

;(If negotiations succeeded)
:'''Leader:''' Very well... You speak true. We must reconsider our actions. I... In truth, I do not know how things came to this...
:'''Leader:''' There's been a strange feeling in my heart since this war broke out.
:'''Leader:''' We were meant to pursue freedom and happiness, but Phobos led us here instead, step by step...
:'''Leader:''' Has something gone wrong? What could it be?
:'''Leader:''' If you meet with the Sebastos upon your return, please apprise him of our circumstances and our doubts.
:'''Leader:''' You'll be doing us a truly great favor.
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we will!

;(If negotiations failed)
:'''Leader:''' You... Come to think of it, you could be barbarians in disguise, attempting to deceive us! You are, aren't you!?
:'''Leader:''' You damnable worms, I shall slay you where you stand!
:;(Enter combat)

;(After successfully negotiating with or defeating the golems)
:'''Monsieur Os:''' At least we finally got those two to withdraw. Now, none shall stand in the way of us removing the chains here.

;(Talk to Este, optional)
:'''Este:''' God King Above, thank you, Dominus Cassiodor. In any event, it seems that this issue has been resolved for now.

;(Talk to Monsieur Os, optional)
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Let us continue onward. It is time to end this story of the "past."
:{{DIcon}} So, what's the deal with you and Este...
::'''Monsieur Os:''' As you have seen, he was a friend of mine, and one of the survivors of Remuria's destruction.
::'''Monsieur Os:''' In later days, he followed me into the newborn Fontaine and was laid to rest there.
::'''Monsieur Os:''' The spring waters responded to us, who were entrapped in rock, just as it did ordinary Fontainians, and he had children of his own, building a family there...
::'''Monsieur Os:''' His bloodline became joined to that of Fontaine, and all came to forget that he was no ordinary mortal.
::'''Monsieur Os:''' A good fate, no?
:{{DIcon|Hand}} (Pet him.)
:;(If the player pets Monsieur Os's face)
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' Is this your way of encouraging me? Well, I gladly accept!
:;(If the player pets Monsieur Os's back or back leg)
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' Ugh. You're getting carried away, aren't you?
:;(If the player pets Monsieur Os's tail)
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' Ugh. You're getting carried away, aren't you?
:;(If the player touches Monsieur Os's pendant, one of the following lines displays at random)
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' This token was given to me by the Sebastos. It is as important to me as life itself.
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' This is, in truth, a fragment of the great Symphony... You could call it my last link to ancient Remuria.
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' As long as this remains, Boethius cannot be said to have complete mastery over the Symphony.
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing.
:::'''Monsieur Os:''' Alright. If there is anything you wish to know, do not hesitate to ask me.

;(After dispelling the chain)
:'''Este:''' It seems that you've resolved our previous problem.
:'''Este:''' I suppose that means you'll be rushing ahead toward your next goal, then?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Yes. I'll be counting on you to take care of this place, Este...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Also, remember that is better to trust the wisdom of your heart rather than handing all judgment of right and wrong over to Phobos or any Harmost.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' The Sebastos created Phobos to free us from our servitude to destiny, but the people's blind faith has led us into enslavement more frightful still.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' In the future, you may encounter a similar choice once more. I hope you will make the right decision {{sic|with}} the time comes.
:'''Este:''' Dominus Cassiodor, why are you suddenly speaking of such things?
:'''Este:''' Still, I shall keep your words in my heart. I, Este, shall uphold my own sense of justice.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' That is good. Farewell, Este. I believe we shall meet again.

;(Talk to Este again, optional)
:'''Este:''' I have indeed received Dominus Cassiodor's message. No matter what others may do, I will not stray from my path.
:'''Este:''' But even if we continue like this, even if our legions conquer all before them, just what will the future of this nation be like...?
:'''Este:''' We have no choice but to rely upon the wisdom of the Sebastos...
----
;(Approach the eastern chain)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, it looks like it's been entangled by some kind of strange plant, seems complicated...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' The ancient creatures within this region of water have been under the continual influence of the golden melodies. We can use the power of the "symphony" to interfere with them somewhat...

;(Talk to Monsieur Os, optional)
:'''Monsieur Os''' If we want to break the chains here, we'll need to get rid of those strange plants twined around them. Find a way to use the power of the "Symphony" on them...

;(After solving the [[Resonant Anemone]] puzzle)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, now we just need to go and remove the remaining chains!

;(Talk to Monsieur Os after solving the puzzle, optional)
:'''Monsieur Os:''' The chains wrap around that stone pillar. The power of the "symphony" should be able to loosen their grip...

;(Try to break the chain)
:{{Black Screen|"O you gods, shut tight the brass gates of the heavenly city! The sword of Remus has cut the threads of fate, and once land and sea alike have been conquered, all that shall remain is the path to the skies..."}}
:'''████:''' Imperator, Imperator, are you alright? Are you dreaming again?
:{{DIcon}} Ugh, so noisy. What's going on...
:'''████:''' The people have gathered in your great hall. I believe they have questions for you, Imperator.
:'''████:''' Recently, the melody of Phobos has been interrupted many times, and so they have many concerns regarding this.
:{{DIcon}} I have no choice but to do this...
:'''████:''' I trust your wise judgment, naturally, and I have heard something of the recent happenings... Is something wrong with Phobos?
:'''████:''' Phobos has planned routes for everyone, such that humanity as a whole can attain happiness. There should be no issues, not when we have the aid of Sybilla's nearly limitless powers of calculation...
:{{DIcon}} But I heard cries of sorrow within the music.
:'''████:''' Did someone secretly alter the musical score of Phobos? No, none can do that except myself and the other Harmosts...
:'''████:''' Could it be that the prophet had hidden something from us? Impossible. Has she not already sacrificed her very life for the cause? The veracity of her prophecy has been validated by the Mistress of Waters. She would have harbored no such selfish designs...
:{{DIcon}} Or perhaps it is precisely because "she" had no desires of her own...
:'''████:''' Today, all people rely on Phobos to make judgments and decisions for them. If something were to go wrong with it, the citizens fear that all would descend into chaos...
:{{DIcon}} I need you to go to where those who cling to blind faith are...
::{{DIcon}} For this reason, I must grant you free will.
:'''████:''' Is that to say you wish to separate my melody from the Grand Symphony as a contingency against mishaps?
:'''████:''' No, no, it is still too early. I fear my soul is still unable to withstand such great fate...
:{{DIcon}} I believe in you.
::{{DIcon}} But from now on, you shall no longer be part of "we"...
:'''████:''' ...I understand. I have resolved myself. If this is your wish, Imperator, I shall see it done.
:{{DIcon}} Ouranopolis, the city of the future...
::{{DIcon}} Call yourself by this new name.
:{{Black Screen|After ████ has departed, you pass through golden corridors, and the sounds of people in debate grow closer.<br>The area grows quiet, but only by a little, when you reach the central podium of the main hall.}}
:'''████:''' O Great Sebastos, please, give us your instructions...
:'''████:''' Many have been unable to hear the Phobos's melody as of late. The people are frightened, Imperator, frightened and confused.
:'''████:''' Our grand plan was proceeding as normal. The barbarians skulking in the shadows were being eliminated one by one, and the polluted waters were cleansed by Ichor.
:'''████:''' Yet, my Imperator, you plan to call a halt to our noble war without cause or reason. Why have you done this?
:{{DIcon}} I exercised my own judgment in the matter.
:'''████:''' Great Sebastos, I do not mean to challenge your authority, but I believe that you have shown them sufficient mercy already.
:'''████:''' We have brought glorious harmony to the land. The gates of Remuria are open to all who wish to join in our golden order.
:'''████:''' But what have they done? They have destroyed our towers and slaughtered our musicians. Their blighted souls are unworthy of any salvation!
:'''████:''' We cleanse their barbarous lands with blood, and order and civilization shall sprout after the destruction. For such ignorant savages, this is the highest mercy that can be granted them.
:{{DIcon}} That is not what I want...
:'''████:''' But there should not be even a sliver of shadow under the sun. Is that not also your great ideal?
:'''████:''' If I may, Imperator, I believe that this is the wish of all citizens of Remuria.
:'''████:''' Sebastos, please, give the order!
:{{Black Screen|"Defiled, defiled! Defiled are all who dwell in Capitolium! If blood will not wash this land clean, how shall guiltless flowers again bloom?"}}
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on with you, {{Traveler}}? Now's not the time to rest! Hurry up and unchain these shackles!
:'''Monsieur Os:''' You saw it again, didn't you...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' The Sebastos's...
----
;(After breaking all three chains)
:;(Freed from its shackles, Scylla swims upwards)
:'''Paimon:''' All the chains have been broken. Now then, time to check things out at the Initium Iani!

;(Approach Scylla)
:'''Scylla:''' Ahhh! Such warm ocean currents! Free at last!
:'''Scylla:''' Well now, little ones. Hail you from the surface? I know not for what reason you have come to this deepwater prison, but...
:'''Paimon:''' We aren't "little" anything! You're just way too big!
:'''Scylla:''' Haha! Very well! Either way, you have broken the shackles that have bound me for millennia. That places me in your debt.
:'''Scylla:''' If there is any undertaking in which I may aid you, then speak. Consider it a token of my gratitude.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon knew you'd be a reasonable guy! Anyway, Paimon's name is Paimon, and {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s {{Traveler}}. And this is...
:'''Paimon:''' Err, actually, Paimon's not sure what you'd know him by, but we call him Monsieur Os!
:'''Scylla:''' Ah, Cassiodor, it is you. It has been a while. So you came back after all. But still, you are sadly late... by a few thousand years, no less.
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, looks like the big guy knows you, Monsieur Os!
:'''Monsieur Os:''' I have nothing to say to despicable traitors.
:'''Scylla:''' Speak not so rashly, mortal! We are dragon-born. We keep all our promises and betray none, which is more than can be said for your haughty race.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Save your breath! It is worth less than a drowning mayfly! Your betrayal is undisputed. Were we not defeated in that war precisely because you turned against us?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' If we hadn't lost that war... our nation... the Sebastos... wouldn't have...
:'''Scylla:''' Ah, you've been gone far too long, Cassiodor! The truth is not what you imagine... Though I suppose that a secret plan would not have been secret had its details reached your ears.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' ...Secret plan?
:'''Scylla:''' My leading an army of vishaps to assault the capital was, in fact, part of Remus's final, secret plan.
:'''Scylla:''' And he did all this to save his nation and people &mdash; a man of great moral character.
:{{DIcon}} That sounds preposterous...
:{{DIcon}} Had he gone mad, too?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, that is kinda weird. Why would a ruler ask someone else to invade their own country?
:'''Scylla:''' And what, little one, would ones such as you or I know of Remus's thoughts? Whatever the case, look upon this, Cassiodor. Even you should be able to divine its meaning.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' The guiding golden bees... They should only heed the call of the Symphony... Why would the Sebastos bestow his power upon a savage dragon?
:{{DIcon}} Because they had an arrangement...
:'''Scylla:''' Oh? You know much, little one! From where did you learn that?
:{{DIcon}} From memories scattered in the sea...
:'''Scylla:''' You speak correctly! Yes, indeed, we did have an arrangement, but I failed him. I squandered his noble sacrifice.
:'''Scylla:''' I could not make it to Domus Aurea in time! And so the waves devoured the whole city, and my kindred could not escape, either...
:'''Monsieur Os:''' ...How could such a thing be...
:'''Scylla:''' Hmph! If it is betrayal you speak of, then Boethius was the true traitor!
:'''Scylla:''' Were it not for that lying devil, that deceitful rat, and his silver-tongued deceptions, how could a prince among dragon-kin such as I, who once led our armies after the age of the ancient dragons, have been beaten so easily?
:'''Scylla:''' That devil first falsely claimed to have given up resistance on Remus's orders, saying he had ordered the legions to cease resistance. Yet when we arrived here, he suddenly rose up against us...
:'''Scylla:''' Now that I have had much time to think on it, I fear he must have learned of Remus's plans somehow, and thus was able to set up such an inescapable trap and lure me in, step by step...
:'''Scylla:''' And thus did my flesh and blood turn to stone, and thus did it remain for millennia, to this day, when you rescued me.
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Boethius knew perfectly well what a massive calamity his actions would bring about, yet he still... Could he have been trying to seize control over Phobos? Was that why he committed such sins...?
:{{DIcon}} It seems that we don't have the full story yet...
:'''Paimon:''' So the guy who keeps calling others traitors was actually a traitor through and through!?
:'''Paimon:''' But why, though? Ugh, are we gonna have to ask him? Paimon doubts we'd get a straight answer.
:'''Scylla:''' Hmm? So that loathsome, recalcitrant demon-worm has yet to dissipate, has he?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, and he's stolen the souls of a whole bunch of Fontainians, too! Rescuing them is actually the main reason we're here...
:'''Paimon:''' He said that he'd wait for us within Domus Aurea... Well, he just said he'd wait for Monsieur Os, so we're coming along uninvited!
:'''Paimon:''' Not even leaving a door, though. How rude of him!
:'''Scylla:''' The Initium Iani...? Hmph, though feeble tricks and smokescreens have been set to dismay us, but at the end of the day, it's nothing more than a glorified stone door.
:'''Scylla:''' I may have lost my physical body, but it is no great labor to take the little ones over to settle the matter.
:'''Scylla:''' Watch closely, little ones!
:'''Paimon:''' Oooh! You're pretty reliable, huh, big guy?
:'''Scylla:''' Now we simply need to break these revealed seals one by one. If you are prepared, then let us go!
:'''Paimon:''' Well then, Monsieur Os, are you ready?
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Now that it's come to this, we have little choice.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright then. What about you, {{Traveler}}? Ready?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
:{{DIcon}} I need a moment to prep...
::'''Scylla:''' Of course. Gird yourself sufficiently, and then, let us go. I shall wait for you below.

;(Talk to Scylla again, if "I need a moment to prep..." was chosen)
:'''Scylla:''' All ready, little ones?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
:{{DIcon}} I need a moment...
::'''Scylla:''' Of course. Gird yourself sufficiently, and then, let us go. I shall wait for you below.

;(If the player exits or fails the challenge)
:{{Black Screen|You go back to the outer face of the Initium Iani...}}

;(While making their way to Domus Aurea)
:'''Scylla:''' Should we desire to open this stone door, we must shatter the stone seals adorning it one by one! Step back, little ones!
:;(After blasting the entrance open)
:'''Scylla:''' There isn't much time. Keep up, little ones!
:;(The group passes through the door just before it closes)
:'''Paimon:''' Whew! That was close... how dangerous!
:;(As the group swims through, stalactites fall around them or bar their path)
:'''Scylla:''' It is dangerous here. Stray not too far from me, for I shall protect you.
:;(At the first stalactite to shatter)
:'''Paimon:''' Wah! Careful!
:;(After shattering it)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew! That was close!
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Whew. Were it not for my being left with naught but this tiny body, there would be no need to take such a road to the capital.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? So there's other paths? But you just said we had to come this way!
:'''Monsieur Os:''' Unlike you, I was once able to cross freely between different bodily forms! Well, as long as a body was prepared in the inner city, of course...
:'''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Huh, so you could do that? Th&mdash;That's pretty awesome...
:;(Upon approaching the exit)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh! Look! Paimon can finally see the exit!
:;(The group exits the tunnel and enter an open space, showing a panoramic view of Domus Aurea)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Dragonborn-Suppressing Shackles}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Last Day of Remuria
|zhs      = 雷穆利亚的最后一日
|zhs_rm   = Léimùlìyǎ de Zuìhòu Yī Rì
|zht      = 雷穆利亞的最後一日
|zht_rm   = Léimùlìyǎ de Zuìhòu Yī Rì
|zh_tl    = The Last Day of Remuria
|ja       = レムリアの最期の日
|ja_rm    = Remuria no Saigo no Hi
|ja_tl    = The Last Day of Remuria
|ko       = 레무리아 최후의 날
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El último día de Remuria
|es_tl    = The Last Day of Remuria
|fr       = Le dernier jour de Remuria
|fr_tl    = The Last Day of Remuria
|ru       = Последний день Ремурии
|ru_tl    = The Last Day of Remuria
|th       = วันสุดท้ายของ Remuria
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Ngày Cuối Cùng Của Remuria
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Der letzte Tag von Remuria
|de_tl    = The Last Day of Remuria
|id       = Hari Terakhir Remuria
|id_tl    = The Last Day of Remuria
|pt       = O Último Dia de Remuria
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Remuria'nın Son Günü
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = L'ultimo giorno di Remuria
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}