{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74511
|image         = <!-- Event Quest The Gardes' Inventor.png -->
|type          = World
|event_name    = Rolling Crossfire
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Chenee; Frejus; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = 
|next          = For the Future's Sake, Experiment!
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Rolling Crossfire]] Event.
}}
'''''The Gardes' Inventor''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Rolling Crossfire]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the Gardes

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Two Gardes stop you. Just what are they doing...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Chenee]] and [[Frejus]])
:'''???:''' Hello, friends.
:'''Paimon:''' Um, what business do the Gardes have with us?
:'''???:''' Hehe. Why don't you take a guess?
:{{DIcon}} Is this about us flying around the city and scaling its walls?
:{{DIcon}} Is this about me practicing swordplay in the city?
:'''???:''' Ah, so you've done that too, have you? Hang on, let me add it to the list of charges.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, you're trying to trick us!
:'''Chenee:''' No, I'm just joking. Introductions are in order, I suppose. I'm Chenee, and this is my senior, Frejus.
:'''Chenee:''' My senior's come up with a new invention that needs testing. Would the two of you be interested in helping?
:'''Paimon:''' A new invention? What sort of thing is it?
:'''Frejus:''' A remote-controlled cannon.
:'''Chenee:''' As you can see, earlier turret models require an operator nearby, in which case, an enemy just needs to aim at the cannon to get rid of both. But if such weapons can be controlled remotely...
:'''Frejus:''' That way, we can minimize casualties.
:'''Chenee:''' You invented it so easily, too! I mean, that's why they call you "the Garde who rejected the Fontaine Research Institute's invitation three times"!
:{{DIcon}} Three times rejected? The Institute?
:'''Frejus:''' Well...
:'''Chenee:''' Exactly! Let me tell you, they had their eye on him, alright &mdash; they would've paid out the nose to have him do high-end research for 'em.
:'''Chenee:''' But he's stayed all this time because he loves his work! Ah, such moving sentiment!
:'''Chenee:''' Even so, he could not bear to let his talents go to waste, and so he creates new inventions from time to time to help with our work!
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds awesome!
:'''Frejus:''' Ahem, you flatter me, Chenee. Do you still remember what I said before? The smarter you are, the more important it is to be humble.
:'''Chenee:''' Yessir!
:'''Frejus:''' In any case, I'd like the two of you to help us verify the feasibility of this remote-controlled cannon. We've already prepped the "field" and the "targets," and rest assured that you will be well paid.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, in that case, you've come to the right adventurers!
:'''Paimon:''' The two of us have seen all sorts of stuff during our travels. We can help you figure out if your invention's good to go or not!
:'''Chenee:''' Nice! In that case, good luck, all!
:'''Frejus:''' Well... This way, if you would.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Gardes' Inventor
|zhs      = 警备队的发明家
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 警備隊的發明家
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 警察隊の発明家
|ja_rm    = Keisatsutai no Hatsumeika
|ja_tl    = Police Force Inventor
|ko       = 경비대의 발명가
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El inventor de la Guardia
|es_tl    = The Guardes' Inventor
|fr       = L'inventeur des Gendarmes
|fr_tl    = The {{Lex|Gardes|fr}}' Inventor
|ru       = Жандарм-изобретатель
|ru_tl    = The {{Lex|Garde|ru}} Inventor
|th       = นักประดิษฐ์ของกองตำรวจ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nhà Phát Minh Của Đội Hiến Binh
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Erfinder der Gendarmerie
|de_tl    = The Gendarmerie's Inventor
|id       = Si Penemu dari Garde
|id_tl    = Garde's Inventor
|pt       = O Inventor dos Gardes
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Jandarmaların Mucidi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = L'inventore della Garde
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}

[[pt-br:O Inventor dos Gardes]]
[[ru:Жандарм-изобретатель]]