{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19003
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Mondstadt
|chapter       = Barbara
|actNum        = I
|act           = Wellspring of Healing
|description   = At Barbara's request, you head back to [[Mondstadt]] to report to Sister Victoria.
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Sister Victoria's Vexation
|next          = The First Chilibrew Ingredient
|nextNote      = Branch 1
|next2         = The Second Chilibrew Ingredient
|nextNote2     = Branch 2
|next3         = A Very Special Beverage
|nextNote3     = Branch 3
|characters    = Barbara; Paimon; Traveler; Victoria
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Church's Affairs''' is the second quest of the second branch of [[Barbara]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Wellspring of Healing]].

==Steps==
# Leave [[Wolvendom]] with [[Barbara]]
# Report back to Sister Victoria
# Clean the Cathedral grounds
# Talk to Sister Victoria

==Dialogue==
===The Church's Affairs===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Arriving at location)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ahh... Glad we've finally made it out of there. The Wolvendom forest is a nice getaway to be alone for a while, but there's not much sunlight...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' If you stay in there for too long, you can't help but start feeling a little gloomy.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' A little sunlight always helps keep your spirits up!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ah yes, now that we're here, I'd like to go to Dawn Winery and check on Tunner's condition.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I've told him before that he should take it easy and rest for a while, but he never seems to listen... He even told me not to let Guy know anything about it.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'd like to check on him before going back and deciding which medicine I'll need to make.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Umm, would it be possible to... you know... ask for your help again? If you could go back and report to Sister Victoria while I check on Tunner, that would be a big help!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' She's most certainly worried about me after being away so long.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' And besides, there's a lot of matters I still need to take care of back at the Cathedral... It would be better if I let her know the situation.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps it'd be better for you to tell her yourself...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh... you must have other matters to attend to... No problem then. I guess I'll go talk to her myself.
:;(Barbara leaves to settle this matter alone...)
:;(Hangout event ended)
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to us!
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900301 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Aww, thank you so much! I truly appreciate it.
;(Continue on Cleanliness First)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Cleanliness First===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Reporting to Sister Victoria)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 01.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Oh, you're back again. If you're looking for Sister Barbara... she's yet to return.
:{{DIcon}} We found Barbara in Wolvendom.
:{{DIcon}} Barbara is at Dawn Winery checking on [[Tunner]].
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 02.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Oh, I see... Thank [[Barbatos]] that she's alright.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 03.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' But it sounds like she won't be back any time soon... Hmm, perhaps I'll have to pass her responsibilities in the Cathedral to someone else...
:{{DIcon}} We can help.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 04.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Oh, well that's most kind of you. I certainly wouldn't want to trouble you...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 05.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Hmm.. Let me think for a moment... Ah yes, you could help tidy up around the Cathedral a bit.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 06.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' People tend to bring dust in as they come into the Cathedral, so the floor is often quite dirty.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 07.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Cleaning and the like have always been Sister Barbara's responsibility... So the moment she's gone, everything starts getting dirty...
:{{DIcon}} Barbara is responsible for a cleaning place this huge by herself?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 08.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Yes, that's right. She always said she could handle it herself and that there's no need to ask anyone else to help her.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 09.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' But she does often appear quite exhausted after she's finished with the cleaning.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 10.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' To be honest, I'm most surprised that you're willing to help... Or rather, that Barbara is willing to let you help.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 11.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' However, this would help lighten her burden.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 12.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Anyway, I'll let you handle the cleaning for now, Honorary Knight.

;(Talk to Sister Victoria again)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900302 victoria 14.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Your kindness will not go unnoticed, Honorary Knight. Barbatos bless you.

;(After cleaning the Cathedral)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900304 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Well, that should just about do it for the cleaning... Could Barbara really do this all herself?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900304 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's starting to think that she works much harder than we imagined...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900304 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, let's head back to Sister Victoria.
;(Continue on Deaconess's Gratitude)
{{Dialogue end}}

===Deaconess's Gratitude===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Heading back to Sister Victoria)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Sister Victoria told me you already helped tidy up the Cathedral! Thank you so much!
:{{DIcon}} When did you get back?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I just returned a short while ago. I can't thank you enough for how much you've helped me today, both here in the Cathedral and back in Wolvendom...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' You must be thirsty after so much work, no? How about I treat you to a drink?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, I've just remembered that the Cat's Tail is promoting a special drink recently.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Miss Margaret said that the name of the drink is "Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea," haha!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' She also mentioned that it's her secret weapon to beating Angel's Share in drink sales.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Word is that the drink's pretty good, but there's always a line to get it. We'll probably have to wait if we want some...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' If you'd rather not stand in line, I could make you a glass of my very own Chilibrew.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 08.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 09.ogg}}--> '''Barbara:''' Which would you like to drink?
:{{DIcon}} Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea does sound pretty amazing.
:;(Go to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} I would like to try your special Chilibrew!
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Coming right up! But I should warn you, the flavor is quite unique, I'm not sure how you'll handle it.
::{{DIcon}} I should be fine... I think...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Alright, let me think... to make this drink, we'll need some fresh Jueyun Chilis and Sweet Flowers.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 12.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' The key to a good batch of Chilibrew is not the quantity of ingredients, but the quality of ingredients.
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 13.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I know where to gather fresh Jueyun Chilis, but Sweet Flowers might be a bit tricky... Though they're easy to find, high-quality Sweet Flowers are few and far between...
::{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 14.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, why don't we split up to search for ingredients? Once we've found the ingredients we need, we can meet up just south of the Whispering Woods.
::{{DIcon}} Alright, let's split up.
::;(Go to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
::{{DIcon}} I think it'd be better if we stick together.
::;(Go to [[#Branch 3|Branch 3]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 1====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea does sound pretty amazing.)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 22.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Yeah, it does sound amazing. I'm not sure how Margaret came up with such a name...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 23.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' But I have heard that the drink is quite popular now. There's even a line of people waiting to purchase it every day.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 24.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' If you'd like to get one, we should head over to the Cat's Tail as quickly as we can.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 25.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' However... even though I've already requested a half day of leave from Sister Victoria, she still insists that I let her know where I'm going...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 26.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' With so many people trying to get in on the newest Cat's Tail offering, I'm worried we'll have to wait for ages if we get there too late.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 27.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Ah, I've got it! Why don't you help me check in with Sister Victoria while I get in line at the Cat's Tail? That would save us some time!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 28.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds good to me.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 29.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's settled then! Let's meet up at the entrance to the Cat's Tail.
:{{DIcon}} But what if you run into people asking for an autograph?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 30.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I&mdash;It'll be fine... I'll just tell them that today is my day off. I'm sure they'll understand.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 31.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Let's get going then. See you at the Cat's Tail!

;(Talk to Sister Victoria)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 01.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Yes, my child?
:{{DIcon}} About Barbara's time off...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 02.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Oh yes, Sister Barbara just submitted her request for half a day's leave. She said she had plans with a friend.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 03.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' I must say though, it is quite unusual for Barbara to request time off just to see a friend...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 04.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' But that's beside the point. What is it you'd like to ask me?
:{{DIcon}} About "Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea"...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 05.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Oh? You mean to tell me that Barbara intends to accompany you to buy this... special drink?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 06.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Then you must be the friend that she mentioned, I presume?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 07.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Hmm, seeing as you're the Honorary Knight, I guess that's fine...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 08.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Well, then please take good care of Sister Barbara.
:{{DIcon}} Why does Barbara always have to report her plans?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 09.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Well, as you may already know, Sister Barbara is quite popular in [[Mondstadt]] for several reasons...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 10.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Although the citizens here may only be acting out of good intention, there are too many of them, and Sister Barbara can't handle it all
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 11.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' If they appear while she is working here at the Church, we can come and intervene.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 12.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' But if she's approached by fans during her time off, then she can only fend for herself.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 13.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' And no to mention, she's too... kind. She'll always try to fulfill the requests of the citizens of Mondstadt, even when it takes a heavy toll and leaves her more exhausted than actual working hours.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 14.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' So with that in mind, we thought we'd have Sister Barbara always tell us where she'd be, just in case we need to come rescue her from the crowds.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 15.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' My hope is that Sister Barbara stops pushing herself so hard...
:;(Continue to [[A Very Special Beverage]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 2====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Alright, let's split up.)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 15.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Alright, I'll head to the Whispering Woods to gather Sweet Flowers while you go search for Jueyun Chilis around Stone Gate.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 16.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, and by the way... Even though I've already requested a half day's leave from Sister Victoria, she always insists that I still give her my itinerary for any trips I take.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 17.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' While I head over to the Whispering Woods, could you please check in with Sister Victoria and let her know where I will be?

;(Talk to Sister Victoria)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 01.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Yes, my child?
:{{DIcon}} About Barbara's itinerary...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 02.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Oh? Sister Barbara wishes to go to the [[Whispering Woods]] to pick herbs?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 03.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' I see... In fact, Sister Barbara just requested a half day's leave to go meet a friend. Now she suddenly intends to go herb-picking?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 04.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' I'm sure Sister Barbara has her reasons... Will you be accompanying her?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I will be accompanying her.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 05.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Ah, I trust she will be in good hands then. Please take good care of Sister Barbara, Honorary Knight.
:{{DIcon}} Why does Barbara always have to report her plans?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 06.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Well, as you may already know, Sister Barbara is quite popular in [[Mondstadt]] for several reasons...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 07.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Although the citizens here may only be acting out of good intention, there are too many of them, and Sister Barbara can't handle it all
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 08.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' If they appear while she is working here at the Church, we can come and intervene.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 09.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' But if she's approached by fans during her time off, then she can only fend for herself.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 10.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' And no to mention, she's too... kind. She'll always try to fulfill the requests of the citizens of Mondstadt, even when it takes a heavy toll and leaves her more exhausted than actual working hours.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 11.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' So with that in mind, we thought we'd have Sister Barbara always tell us where she'd be, just in case we need to come rescue her from the crowds.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900307 victoria 12.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' My hope is that Sister Barbara stops pushing herself so hard...
:;(Continue to [[The First Chilibrew Ingredient]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Branch 3====
{{Dialogue start}}
;(I think it'd be better if we stick together.)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 18.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, you really think so? Okay then.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 19.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' With the Honorary Knight by my side, I can gather ingredients without a care in the world!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 20.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, and by the way... Even though I've already requested a half day's leave from Sister Victoria, she always insists that I still give her my itinerary for any trips I take.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900303 barbara 21.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' We should go check in with Sister Victoria first. We could say... hmm... we're going out to gather some herbs!

;(Talk to Sister Victoria)
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 16.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Oh? Sister Barbara, is something the matter?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I'd like to go to the Whispering Woods to pick some herbs, it shouldn't take long!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 17.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Oh? But didn't you just submit a request for half a day's leave to see a friend? Now you suddenly intend to go herb-picking?
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 18.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Hmm... I thought you would take a rest today...
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 19.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Still, you may do as you please with your plans, I won't interfere.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 20.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' But the Whispering Woods are quite a distance away, perhaps you should request a guard from the Knights of Favonius?
:{{DIcon}} I will accompany Barbara.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 barbara 02a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 barbara 02b.ogg}}--> '''Barbara:''' With the Honorary Knight by my side, I'm sure everything will be just fine!
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 victoria 21.ogg}} '''Victoria:''' Thank you for informing me, I've noted down your plans. Please do come back soon.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Thank you.
:{{A|vo bblcop001 1900306 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Alright, we're good to go. Let's head out!
:;(Continue to [[The Second Chilibrew Ingredient]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Church's Affairs
|zhs     = 教堂的诸多事宜
|zhs_rm  = Jiàotáng de Zhūduō Shìyí
|zht     = 教堂的諸多事宜
|zht_rm  = Jiàotáng de Zhūduō Shìyí
|zh_tl   = The Many Matters of the Cathedral
|ja      = 大聖堂の事情
|ja_rm   = Daiseidou no Jijou
|ja_tl   = The Cathedral's Situation
|ko      = 성당의 업무
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Asuntos religiosos
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Les affaires de l'Église
|fr_tl   = The Affairs of the Church
|ru      = Дела собора
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรื่องต่าง ๆ ของทางโบสถ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Affairs of the Church
|vi      = Công Sự Của Giáo Đường
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kirchliche Angelegenheiten
|de_tl   = Ecclesiastical Affairs
|id      = Urusan Katedral
|id_tl   = The Cathedral's Affairs
|pt      = Os Muitos Assuntos da Catedral
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}