{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73526
|image         = Event Quest The Phantom Toy Master and the Barking Fox.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Secret Summer Paradise
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Fairground Gathering, Summer Lights Illuminated]]
|characters    = Madiha; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Veluriyam Mirage]]
|region        = 
|area          = Veluriyam Mirage
|subarea       = Silver Bottle Courtyard
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Secret Summer Paradise/Sojourns of the Barking Fox|Sojourns of the Barking Fox]] subevent.
}}
'''''The Phantom Toy Master and the Barking Fox''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Secret Summer Paradise]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the strange merchant

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While taking a stroll through Veluriyam Mirage, you and Paimon notice a weary merchant. Perhaps giving her a hand may earn you a rare reward...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no! {{Traveler}}! There's someone lying on the ground over there, this looks bad! Let's go help her out!

;(Talk to Madiha)
:'''Madiha:''' I should have hired someone to do this for me...
:'''Madiha:''' It's only the first test, but I have to cross mountains... This is torture!
:'''Paimon:''' Are you alright? You sound so weak...
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, she looks absolutely exhausted. Let's make her some food!
:{{Black Screen|You cook up some piping-hot Fried Radish Balls and Steak at the nearby stove to help the stranger regain her strength...}}
:'''Madiha:''' Hahahaha! I feel so ALIVE!
:'''Madiha:''' You've got skills. However, the low-quality ingredients and spices resulted in a rather dry texture.
:'''Paimon:''' How can you be so picky at a time like this!? A full stomach is all that matters!
:'''Madiha:''' On the contrary! The harder times get, the more you must crave the luxuries of life! It's how you stay motivated!
:'''Madiha:''' The more your cash flow dries up, the bigger the loan you take out! It's the only way you can go all out and reverse your fortune!
:'''Madiha:''' That is the trade secret of turning the tides that I, the Phantom Toy Master Madiha, am bestowing upon you in return for your aid.
:'''Paimon:''' Ph-Phantom Toy Master? That sounds pretty cool! But looking like that, it doesn't seem right...
:{{DIcon}} Your toy isn't finished yet, huh?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you're broke?
:'''Madiha:''' Hey! H-How did you know!?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's see... you nearly died of hunger, you were so confused that you were talking to yourself, something about a test and hiring someone...
:'''Paimon:''' So obviously, you haven't finished your signature toy, right? It must be going really bad if you can't even remember to eat!
:'''Madiha:''' H-How could you say that! I won't be spoken of like that! My Barking Fox is in the final stage before production!
:'''Madiha:''' Once I figure out the flight envelope of the Barking Fox, I'll be able to write a manual that even Fungi can understand! Then with another loan for mass-production, I'll be able to turn a huge profit!
:'''Paimon:''' Flight envelope? What manual? Explain without the technical jargon so Paimon can understand!
:'''Madiha:''' It's easier to just show you!
:{{Black Screen|Madiha pulls out a blue package from her bag and quickly inflates it.<br>A moment later, a strange-looking toy appears and floats steadily in midair.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Is that your signature toy? It doesn't even look like a fox! You should just call it something like... Limited Edition Big-Eared Sunsettia Bomb: Blue Star!
:'''Paimon:''' And why is it called "Barking"? It doesn't even look like it's barking with laughter!
:'''Madiha:''' No, no, no! It's because its jet sounds like someone barking with laughter! Have a listen if you don't believe me!
:'''Barking Fox:''' (It emits an indescribably low howling sound. It would be stretching the bounds of the truth to even consider comparing it to "barking.")
:'''Paimon:''' Where did she even hear that laughter from...? {{Traveler}}, Paimon thinks she may be barking mad...
:'''Madiha:''' Anyway, a small hot air balloon provides lift for the Barking Fox while the hidden jet provides propulsion, so it has excellent maneuverability.
:'''Madiha:''' Just imagine a toy that can fly nimbly! Forget kids, even adults wouldn't be able to resist its charms!
:{{DIcon}} That does sound quite novel.
:{{DIcon}} It may sell well.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon smells something familiar...
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon guess! Madiha is going to say: Please help me complete the final tests, and I'll reward you.
:'''Paimon:''' But Paimon and {{Traveler}} will have to think about it. We're busy, and you'll have to make it worth our while...
:'''Madiha:''' No! Of course a small reward won't be enough! Let me do the math...
:'''Madiha:''' 60%... No! 70% of the total Barking Fox profits for the next year! What do you think?
:'''Paimon:''' 70%! Isn't that a bit too much...?
:'''Paimon:''' Ahem... Paimon means to say that you're speaking Paimon's language, Phantom Toy Master!
:{{DIcon}} Can it even be mass-produced within a year?
:{{DIcon}} And even mass-production may not turn a profit...
:'''Madiha:''' Now you've grasped the crux of the matter! The faster you complete testing, the sooner the Barking Fox can enter production and begin sales, and the more you'll make!
:'''Madiha:''' We must work together to perfect it quickly! It's a win-win situation!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, this is starting to make sense now...
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, {{Traveler}}, if we do this, we'll be involved in the toy industry and can be called merchants, right?
:'''Madiha:''' Time is money! Let's get to it. I sought help from a few adventurers in the past and set up a few flight envelope test challenges based on their experiences. Let me show you where they are...
:'''Madiha:''' The Barking Fox's future and the Phantom Toy Master's brand are in your hands!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Phantom Toy Master and the Barking Fox
|zhs     = 「幻之玩具王」和「吼吼小狐」
|zhs_rm  = "Huàn zhī Wánjù-wáng" hé "Hǒuhǒu Xiǎohú"
|zht     = 「幻之玩具王」和「吼吼小狐」
|zht_rm  = "Huàn zhī Wánjù-wáng" hé "Hǒuhǒu Xiǎohú"
|zh_tl   = The Phantom King of Toys and the Little Roaring Fox
|ja      = 「幻のおもちゃ王」と「ヒャッホーギツネ」
|ja_rm   = "Maboroshi no Omocha-ou" to "Hyahhoo-gitsune"{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 「환상<->의 장난감 왕」과 「후후 여우」
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La maestra juguetera y el zorrisueño
|es_tl   = The Toymaker Mistress and the Dream Fox
|fr      = Virtuose des jouets fantômes et renard glapisseur
|fr_tl   = Virtuoso of Phantom Toys and Yelping Fox
|ru      = Королева Фантастических Игрушек и Ревущая лисичка
|ru_tl   = The Queen of Fantastical Toys and the Roaring Fox
|th      = "ราชาของเล่นมายา" กับ "จิ้งจอกน้อยโฮ่โฮ่"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = "Vua Trò Chơi Ảo" Và "Cáo Hoho"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = „Fantastische Spielzeugkönigin“ und „Kicherfuchs“
|de_tl   = "Fantastic Toy Queen" and "Giggling Fox"
|id      = Raja Mainan Fantasi dan Si Rubah Hoho
|id_tl   = The King of Fantasy Toys and the Hoho Fox
|pt      = Rainha dos Brinquedos e Raposinha Hoho
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gölge Oyuncakçısı ve Kükreyen Tilki
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La Maestra dei Fantasmagiochi e la Volpe uggiolante
|it_tl   = The Teacher of Phantom Games and the Whining Fox
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.8}}

[[pt-br:Rainha dos Brinquedos e Raposinha Hoho]]
[[ru:Королева Фантастических Игрушек и Ревущая лисичка]]