{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71127
|image         = World Quest The Cloud-Padded Path to the Chiwang Repose.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
* Pass 1 in-game day after completing [[An Ancient Sacrifice of Sacred Brocade]]
|characters    = Fujin; Lingyuan; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Chiwang Terrace]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Mt. Laixin
|subarea       = Chiwang Terrace
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*100;Primogem*20;Mora*10,000
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Votive Rainjade]], where [[Spirit Carp]]s can be offered
}}
'''''The Cloud-Padded Path to the Chiwang Repose''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Chiwang Terrace]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Ascend the summit of [[Mt. Laixin]]
# Speak to [[Lingyuan]]
# Go to [[Carp's Rest]]
# Enter Carp's Rest
# Look for [[Fujin]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Entering Carp's Rest grants the {{Achievement|The Secluded Path}}.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Cloud-Parting Carpfall}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Paimon is a bit worried about [[Adeptus]] Fujin's condition. If you have time, it might be good to pay another visit to Chiwang Terrace.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(On obtaining quest)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, Paimon's wondering... How's Fujin coming along in her recovery?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon recalls when she left Chiwang Terrace before, she made use of some sort of jade stone, and then, "woosh," she was gone, fins, tail, and all...
:'''Paimon:''' If we've got some time to spare, why not go back and have a look? Paimon's a bit worried about how she's doing...

;(While approaching Lingyuan)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Then that's...

;(Talk to Lingyuan)
:'''Lingyuan:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon. You're here.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Lingyuan? Why are you over here?
:'''Lingyuan:''' Because I can't get in.
:'''Paimon:''' Can't get in? Uh, where can't you get into?
:'''Lingyuan:''' Carp's Rest. Where Fujin is resting.
:'''Paimon:''' Carp's Rest... Oh! You mean the place Fujin dragged us off to way back when?
:'''Lingyuan:''' It is an abode sealed by her adeptal energy. I don't have her adeptal energy. Thus, I cannot go to her.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? But you didn't mention anything before she went back to rest...
:'''Lingyuan:''' It escaped my mind.
:{{DIcon}} Do you need help?
::'''Lingyuan:''' The adeptal energy you possess is sufficient to open the gate of Carp's Rest. So yes, I need your help.
:{{DIcon}} Bit late now, Bluey.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, how could you forget something as important as that!? Really, now.
::'''Lingyuan:''' It is because I am a slow-witted beast. Seeing her, I think of many things, and forget many things. It is my fault.
::'''Lingyuan:''' The adeptal energy you possess is sufficient to open the gate of Carp's Rest. So yes, I need your help.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait a sec, so you've been waiting here for us this whole time?
:'''Lingyuan:''' I was not waiting for you. I was looking for a way into Carp's Rest.
:'''Paimon:''' That seems like pretty much the same thing to... Uh, anyway, we're a bit worried about Fujin's condition too, so why don't we go see her together?
:'''Lingyuan:''' Fine. Thank you both.
:'''Lingyuan:''' Follow me.

;(After opening the barrier)
:'''Lingyuan:''' This is the place. The door is open. Just go on forward.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, now that you mention it, when she brought us here before, we could never open this seal...
:'''Lingyuan:''' Power requires familiarity. Her power is no exception.

;(Approach the [[Votive Rainjade]])
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Huh? {{Traveler}}, Paimon, and Lingyuan... Why did you all come here?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's Fujin's voice! And it's... coming from down below?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little worried about you.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! We're all worried about your health, so we just came here without giving you a heads up &mdash; you did the same thing to us first, so Paimon thinks we're square now!
:{{DIcon}} Lingyuan is a little worried about you.
::'''Lingyuan:''' I am not. I just...
::'''Lingyuan:''' ...
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Lingyuan's been so worried about your health that she can barely speak, so we just came here without giving you a heads up &mdash; but you did the same thing to us first, so Paimon thinks we're square now!
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Huh? Ah! Sorry! When I returned here to rest, I think I forgot to unlock the entrance...! I am so sorry. You came here to see me, but I made things harder for you instead...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, it wasn't much of a hassle! But why are you... uh, hiding in a puddle?
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Hmm, how should I put it...? Because I can't return to the form I prefer yet, and with you guys always seeing me in my Carp form, I can't help but feel a bit... embarrassed...
:{{DIcon}} You are aware that we've already seen it many, many times, right?
:{{DIcon}} So there's no need to hide yourself, is there?
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Ahaha... But before, I could turn back into human form whenever I wanted, so I thought moving around as a Carp was just a matter of convenience. But now, all I have is this slick and slippery self, so I find it a bit...
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's a bit of a strange thing to be so insistent about... But anyway, all that matters is that you're okay!
:'''Paimon:''' But Lingyuan said that your adeptal energy wasn't consumed, it was just dispersed around the mountains, forests, and rivers of [[Chenyu Vale]], and that's why you've been weakened so much...
:'''Paimon:''' So if we were to collect the scattered adeptal energy, just like when we were finding the Golden Carp in [[Yaodie Valley]], then you'd get better, right?
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Yes... At least, in theory, that's correct, but...
:'''Paimon:''' Right, right? So if we see similar Carp, we should just bring them back here! That way, you'll recover much faster!
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Th&mdash;That would be far too much trouble for you! My power is not yet that feeble. if I simply rest here for some time, it will be enough...
:{{DIcon}} It's not that much of a hassle...
::{{DIcon}} ...We'll just keep our eyes peeled if we run into any.
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Thank you, then. However, I really don't want to trouble you anymore on my behalf. You've already done so much for me.
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' If the two of you should happen to find any more adeptal energy during your travels, please simply transfer it into the jade here.
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Though balance has been restored to the water and soil, if we can add more power to the Rainjade, we can ensure favorable weather and prosperous years to come.
:'''Lingyuan:''' ...And what about you?
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Really now! I already told you, all I need to do is rest here for a bit!
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, I really am quite grateful, and quite happy, that you came to visit me. This is the first time anyone has come here since [[Herblord]] left.
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' And thank you as well, Lingyuan.
:'''Lingyuan:''' I have done nothing worthy of your thanks.
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Alright, enough of that! Then just think of it as me thanking you for bringing {{Traveler}} and Paimon here! Really, now...
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' And lastly... Let me say thank you once more, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. For all you have done.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Post-Quest Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Lingyuan again after quest ends, optional)
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, this should be your abode, right, Fujin? It feels a bit different from the other adeptal abodes we've been in... How should Paimon put it... it feels more... pragmatic?
:'''Paimon:''' There are no weird mechanisms or transparent floating bridges...
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' I am very sorry... I was just too embarrassed before, and so never explained clearly.
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' I cannot create new adeptal realms like the adepti of the south. "Carp's Rest" is no "abode." At best, it's just a "cave"...
:'''Paimon:''' Cave, realm, whatever! They're all "abodes" where adepti live, aren't they? Still, we don't even know when you can turn back into your human form...
:'''Lingyuan:''' All the power she accumulated has dispersed across this land. She will be unable to revert to human form for some time.
:'''Lingyuan:''' I am the same way when I've exhausted my power. After Master died, the snow fell, melted, and then it fell once more after melting, and did so countless times before I could regain human form.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, so that's it... huh? Wait a sec, Lingyuan, you can turn into a person too!?
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Why, of course! There is much you two know not! Why, back then, on Mt. Yaojun, Lingyuan's looks were&mdash;
:'''Lingyuan:''' Fujin. No need to speak of such things. It has nothing to do with the present topic.
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Eh? So, the whole thing about eating too many teacakes at the temple fair in human form, and crying to Herblord about brewing weight-loss tea...
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Or the incident where you accidentally drank the celebratory libations and hauled forest boars in to ask them "Who's prettier, me or Herblord?"... Ah! But I needn't speak of such things after all, do I?
:'''Lingyuan:''' ...Fujin!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! After all that, Paimon's getting curious. What does your human form look like, Lingyuan? Would you be as blue as you are now? Or would you be... Uh, a slightly lighter shade?
:{{DIcon}} Now I'm curious too!
::'''Lingyuan:''' I do not understand your curiosity. You are people too. If you are interested in human forms, just look at yourselves.
:{{DIcon}} Lingyuan, could you turn human, just for a second?
::'''Lingyuan:''' I refuse. Human bodies are weak. They lack fangs to rend and rip prey, and claws to hound and hunt enemies. I would not do such a thing unless commanded to by Fujin.
::{{DIcon}} A shame...
::{{DIcon}} We'll leave this to you, Fujin!
:::'''Fujin's Voice:''' ...Eh? R&mdash;Really? I&mdash;In that case, I think maybe we should just respect Lingyuan's wishes...?
:::'''Lingyuan:''' I do not have any wishes. If you have some, tell me so directly.
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Hehe... Anyway, thank you, {{Traveler}} and Paimon. I never imagined the day would come when I would be able to talk to others like this...
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' *cough*&mdash; As one has found oneself in such a joyous state of mind, one is willing to bestow protection upon you two for your journey, guaranteeing success and great fortune...
:'''Paimon:''' ?
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' ...Sorry, I got a bit carried away. I wanted to try being like those adepti, so I thought I'd try out a phrase or two...
:'''Fujin's Voice:''' Anyway! I'll be staying here and praying for your journey to go smoothly.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = The Cloud-Padded Path to the Chiwang Repose
|zhs      = 赤望所居，锦落云程
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 赤望所居，錦落雲程
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 赤望に憩みて、遥かなる道に錦落つ
|ja_rm    = Sekibou ni Ikoi Mite, Haruka Naru Michi ni Nishiki Otsu
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 적망에서 추락한 비단
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = De Chiwang a las nubes
|es_tl    = From Chiwang to the Clouds
|fr       = La voie des nuages vers Chiwang
|fr_tl    = The Cloud Way to Chiwang
|ru       = Застланный облаками путь к Обители Чиван
|ru_tl    = The Cloud-Covered Path to the Chiwang Abode
|th       = ที่อยู่ของมณีราค ผ้าทอร่วงโรยสู่เมฆา
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = An Cư Xích Vọng, Bước Trên Mây Mù
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wolkenpfad zur Chiwang-Residenz
|de_tl    = Cloud Path to the Chiwang Residence
|id       = Kediaman Merah, Brokat Jatuh Naik ke Awan
|id_tl    = The Red Residence, the Falling Brocade Rises to the Clouds
|pt       = Residência Dais Carmesim, Fujin Ascendente Pelas Nuvens
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Chiwang İstirahatgahına Giden Bulutlu Yol
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Terrazza di Chiwang, un sentiero ammantato tra le nubi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}