{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = 
|image        = 
|type         = Lore
|type2        = Inazuma Culture
|region       = Inazuma
}}
'''The Yougou Three''' is a name [[Inazuma]]ns use to refer to three historical figures who trained under the [[Yougou Tengu]] five hundred years ago: [[Asase Hibiki]], [[Kamuna Harunosuke]], and [[Mikoshi Nagamasa]]. Following the various personal tragedies they suffered during the [[cataclysm]], the three parted ways.<ref name="The Narukami Trail">{{Ref/Quest|The Narukami Trail}}</ref>

==Story==
The motivations Harunosuke and Nagamasa had for seeking the Yougou Tengu's teachings are unknown, although it is known that Hibiki wished to further her training as a shrine maiden. During their training, three dwelt in [[Araumi]] for a time and later discovered the [[Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates]],<ref>{{Ref/Domain|Empty Boat of a Thousand Gates}}</ref> which was originally the Great Tengu [[Reizenbou]]'s mansion.<ref>Interactable: [[Earth Kitsune Statue]] (in Araumi)<br />'''''Someone's Voice:''' "To think that Master had a mansion here. I suppose we should have expected nothing less of the Yougou Tengu."''<br />
'''''Someone's Voice:''' "Hmph, of course&mdash; Blergh! This place reeks of fox! Bleh!"''<br />
'''''Someone's Voice:''' "Haha, it seems that the Lady Saiguu passed this way as well."''</ref> The three also became acquainted with [[Takamine the Mistsplitter]], who also learned the Tengu arts during his period of servitude to the Great Tengu.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Thundering Pulse}}</ref> However, he does not seem to be considered part of the group.

When the cataclysm struck and monsters from [[the Abyss]] ravaged [[Teyvat]], four figures who had a great influence on The Yougou Three went off to battle alongside the [[Raiden Shogun]]: Takamine, Reizenbou, the [[Kitsune Saiguu]], and [[Chiyo]], Nagamasa's mother. Of them, only Reizenbou returned intact; the Kitsune Saiguu perished, Takamine disappeared, and Chiyo was corrupted and went mad. Reizenbou, enraged by her own inability to protect the Kitsune Saiguu despite being her bodyguard, withdrew from the world.

Deeply grieved by this turn of events, The Yougou Three split ways. Harunosuke left for [[Liyue]] to pursue the path of the [[adepti]], Hibiki returned to [[Asase Shrine]] on [[Seirai Island]], and Nagamasa joined the [[Shogunate]] to restore the [[Mikoshi Clan]]'s reputation.<ref name="The Narukami Trail" />

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Los Tres Yougou]]
[[ja:影向役者三人組]]