{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73651
|part          = 1
|image         = Event Quest The Cliffside Weirdo and a Risky Study.PNG
|type          = World
|event_name    = Tablet Analytics
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Hajanad; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Chinvat Ravine]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Chinvat Ravine
|next          = Controllable Explosion
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Remelting Device|1}}{{Card|Remelting Tablet|1}}
* Unlocks the [[Tablet Analytics]] Event
}}
'''''The Cliffside Weirdo and a Risky Study?''''' is a [[Event Quest]] during the [[Tablet Analytics]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the strange person on the cliff

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You hear that a strange person is wandering in the mountain to the east of Sumeru City...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hajanad)
:'''???:''' Hehehe... Hahaha...
:'''???:''' It is finally complete! The next step: demonstration! I will prove to all of them that this is the greatest of alchemical potions!
:'''Paimon:''' What is this person giggling by a cliff and talking to herself for...?
:'''Paimon:''' Geez, she gives Paimon the creeps. (Traveler), let's keep our distance, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} What if she's at the end of her rope?
:{{DIcon}} We probably need to stop her from acting impulsively...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, hey! You don't have to worry so much about random strangers, you know?
:'''???:''' Huh? When did you get here?
:'''???:''' Talking bad behind someone else's back is rude, you know!
:'''Hajanad:''' I, Hajanad, am Spantamad's Star of Tomorrow! Just you wait! When I become a famous researcher, I shall dedicate a trash-talk paper specially for you...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, she's a real meanie! And her name sounds so difficult to say!
:'''Hajanad:''' Wait! Could this little fellow... be the "White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit" from those rumors?
:'''Paimon:''' What kinds of rumors were those!? Paimon's never heard of that nickname!
:'''Hajanad:''' Anyway, a {{MC|m=blond-haired|f=blonde-haired}} outlander with a "White High-Intelligence Floating Assistive Unit"... Today is my lucky day.
:'''Hajanad:''' Ahem! Listen, I can make fighters stronger, so let's make a deal, alright?
:{{DIcon}} This sounds familiar...
:{{DIcon}} I think I've heard this one before...
:'''Hajanad:''' Of course. There are tons of alchemists around Teyvat just like me, and we strive to explore the full potential of alchemy.
:'''Hajanad:''' Supporting battles is one of the most essential services alchemy has to offer. If we can exercise the full potential of our potions, we can even rewrite the rules of battle.
:'''Hajanad:''' I believe you must have run into other alchemists studying potions during your travels.
:'''Hajanad:''' But compared to me, most of them are dabblers, with only a few of them having made any progress.
:'''Hajanad:''' I recall that [[Timaeus|a Mondstadt alchemist]] once published a research paper named "[[A Study in Potions/Story|Combat Environment Changes Made by the Spread of Aerolized Liquid Potions]]"...<!-- link inside parenthesis since no paper is actually mentioned in that event so it's just meant to be a link to the... event -->
:'''Hajanad:''' Oh, the naivety! It doesn't matter if you add volatizing elements to the solution, your potion will still fail in spreading speed and density!
:'''Paimon:''' Whew, look at her go. Seems like somebody's trying to convince us that she's the best at what she does.
:{{DIcon}} So about this deal of yours...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! So, Ms. Hajanad, you have the strongest potions around, do you? Are you gonna sell them to us at a discount?
:'''Hajanad:''' Good question! I was just about to show you my newest invention.
:'''Hajanad:''' I have compressed two types of highly concentrated potions into crystallized flakes and divided them into equal pieces. Then I placed them into a sealed and high-pressure environment using an alchemy device.
:'''Hajanad:''' When you need to use the potion, you just ignite the small explosives inside the device. This way, parts of the two flakes will be instantly vaporized and sufficiently mixed together.
:'''Hajanad:''' The pressure caused by the explosion will push the potion vapor out of the device and spread it evenly across a vast area, thus providing support in battle.
:'''Hajanad:''' I call this process the "Remelting Effect," the device the "Remelting Device," and the potion "Remelting Tablets."
:'''Paimon:''' Remelting...?
:{{DIcon}} An... explosion?
:'''Hajanad:''' The air will be filled with a refreshing fragrance after the powerful explosion, and the one inhaling it will experience a drastic increase in power.
:'''Hajanad:''' What do you think? Very tempting, right? Don’t you want to try it? Now, all you need to do is watch out for the effects of the potion during battle and help me record any minor performance issues that crop up.
:'''Hajanad:''' Of course, I won't take your help for granted. You will be well paid for your trouble.
:'''Paimon:''' So you just see us as test subjects, huh? Also, this sounds super dangerous! We're definitely out!
:'''Paimon:''' We'll consider the offer if you promise 100,000% compensation if something goes wrong...
:'''Hajanad:''' Not a problem. I have done the necessary experiments many times, so I can guarantee that it is safe!
:'''Paimon:''' No hesitation at all!?
:{{DIcon}} It's not as if we're lacking Mora or anything.
:{{DIcon}} I don't need alchemy to be stronger.
:'''Hajanad:''' Hmm... That's true. For someone who has had such fantastic tales published about them, you must be beyond wealthy...
:'''Hajanad:''' Well, then... pretty please...?
:'''Hajanad:''' I sincerely apologize for treating you badly earlier, and for trying to buy you over with Mora!
:'''Hajanad:''' I will owe you the world if you can help me complete my experiments! When I become a famous researcher, I will never forget what you've done for me!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh... This drastic attitude change and that promise...
:{{DIcon}} That's opportunism for you...
:'''Hajanad:''' Come to think of it, I'm the one who's seeking for your help, so I should've been more proper when asking you for help.
:'''Hajanad:''' I know that this doesn't look good on my side, but you will only meet more people who are just like me in the future.
:'''Hajanad:''' If nothing else, I gave you my word and promised you Mora. Others might treat you as free labor. All things considered, our encounter was a rather realistic one, eh?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Isn't it kinda rude to assume people would just take advantage of us? Still, she does have a point...
:{{DIcon}} Wavering, are we, Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Come on! She begged us and everything! Also, Paimon's kinda curious as to how powerful her potions might be.
:'''Paimon:''' Plus, Paimon doesn’t think she has bad intentions. Maybe it's just her eagerness toward her studies that made her a bit weird.
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe she'll be a bit nicer once her research is complete.
:'''Hajanad:''' Oh? Are you discussing how to test the device?
:'''Hajanad:''' There's a domain nearby, actually. According to feedback from other adventurers, it's suitable for the combat tests we wish to conduct.
:{{DIcon}} I haven't said yes yet, you know...
:'''Hajanad:''' I've entrusted my fate to you two, so please, help me!
:'''Paimon:''' Well... This one can't be harder than a regular adventure commission, so let's just go and test this device out in that domain, shall we?
:'''Hajanad:''' Alright, it's a deal then! I will wait for good news from you here.

;(Talk to Hajanad again)
:'''Hajanad:''' Go forth and try out the Remelting Device! Discover the Remelting Tablets' potential through countless battles!
:'''Hajanad:''' I've entrusted my academic career to you... and I will wait for good news from you right here!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Cliffside Weirdo and a Risky Study?
|zhs     = 崖边怪人与危险的研究？
|zhs_rm  = Yábiān Guàirén yǔ Wēixiǎn de Yánjiū?
|zht     = 崖邊怪人與危險的研究？
|zht_rm  = Yáibiān Guàirén yǔ Wéixiǎn de Yánjiū?
|zh_tl   = The Strange Cliffside Person and Dangerous Research?
|ja      = 崖縁の怪人と危険な研究？
|ja_rm   = Gakefuchi no Kaijin to Kiken-na Kenkyuu?
|ja_tl   = The Strange Person of the Cliff Edge and Dangerous Research?
|ko      = 절벽의 괴인과 위험한 연구?
|ko_rm   = Jeolbyeok-ui Goein-gwa Wiheomhan Yeon'gu?
|ko_tl   = The Mystery Person on the Cliff and a Risky Research?
|es      = La extraña del barranco y su peligrosa investigación
|es_tl   = The Stranger From the Ravine and Her Dangerous Investigation
|fr      = L'excentrique de la falaise et une étude risquée ?
|fr_tl   = The Eccentric One from the Cliff and a Risky Study?
|ru      = Чудачка на скале и опасное исследование
|ru_tl   = A Weird Girl on a Cliff and Dangerous Research
|th      = คนประหลาดริมหน้าผาและการวิจัยที่อันตราย?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Người Kì Lạ Bên Vách Núi Và Nghiên Cứu Nguy Hiểm?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Seltsamer Mensch am Kliff und gefährliche Forschungen?
|de_tl   = Strange Person at the Cliff and Dangerous Research?
|id      = Orang Aneh di Tebing dan Penelitian Berbahaya?
|id_tl   = The Weird Person on the Cliff and Dangerous Research?
|pt      = A Estranha da Ravina e a Perigosa Pesquisa
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:La extraña del barranco y su peligrosa investigación]]
[[pt-br:A Estranha da Ravina e a Perigosa Pesquisa]]
[[ru:Чудачка на скале и опасное исследование]]