{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41112
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|actNum        = II
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|subarea       = Springvale
|prev          = Unknown Star
|next          = What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Fragile Resin|1}}
|characters    = Adelinde; Ben; Draff; Fischl; Fritz; Huachu; Huai'an; Jianqiu; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Lao Cai; Mona; Niu Zhi; Oz; Paimon; Pops Zhou; Scaramouche; Tiancheng; Traveler; Yunjiang
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{For|the main event|Unreconciled Stars|Unreconciled Stars/Star of Deceitful Dreams{{!}}Star of Deceitful Dreams (Event act)}}
'''The Crisis Deepens''' is the main quest for the second phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Star of Deceitful Dreams. Completing this phase unlocks the quests ''[[The Siege of Qingce]]'', ''[[Contingencies]]'', and ''[["That Guy"'s Scheme]]''.

==Steps==
#Find [[Draff]] and discuss the situation in [[Springvale]]
#Go to [[Dawn Winery]] and look for [[Adelinde]]
#Head for [[Stone Gate]]
#Ask people nearby for information (0/3)
#* You must ask in the order of [[Huachu]], [[Pops Zhou]], and [[Jianqiu]]
#Look for the Dawn Winery's delivery staff
#Rescue [[Ben|the worker]] surrounded by monsters
#Search for the winery employee, Fritz
#Get close and ascertain the situation
#Go to [[Wangshu Inn]] and check on Fritz
#Look for Fritz among the patients at Wangshu Inn
#Continue asking for Fritz's whereabouts
#Look for Fritz among the remaining patients
#Ask [[Huai'an]] about Fritz
#Search for the meteorites near Wangshu Inn
#Dispose the meteorite
#Ascertain if there are any leftover meteorites nearby
#Dispose of the remaining meteorites
#Talk to [[Katheryne]] in Mondstadt
#Go to [[Mona]]'s designated scrying location

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As your investigation proceeds, you gradually realize that there is some mysterious power hidden within these meteorites. In order to help the victims regain consciousness, you and your comrades begin to dispose of meteorites throughout the land...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Speak to Draff)
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Draff! How are things in the village now?
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Ah, it's you again! A little better, thanks &mdash; and we owe it all to you.
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's great! Seems like getting rid of the meteorites is doing the trick!
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Traveler, your arrival is most fortuitous. Clearly, my noble ambition to protect the souls of this wretched world compelled you to seek me once more. Now, prepare to depart, for we are soon to meet with an envoy of mine further afield.
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Envoy? You mean... a diplomat, or something?
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Ah, yes... let me fill you in here. Someone brought a message from the {{Color|buzzword|Dawn Winery}}, saying that a lady there by the name of {{Color|buzzword|Adelinde}} invites you to meet with her as honored guests of the Winery.
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we know Adelinde! She's the head housemaid there, right?
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Ah. It seems that you and Adelinde are already acquainted, then.
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Then it is my great honor to join you.
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, so... (Traveler), can you really understand that princess when she's talking? Because Paimon can't seem to understand a single word...
:{{DIcon}} I think I understand what she means, but...
:{{DIcon}} It's kind of hard to explain...
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, alright...
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' My dear friends, it is time to move out.
:{{A|vo eqast002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon hopes Adelinde has made some tasty snacks to welcome her honored guests with!
----
;(Speak to Adelinde)
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 01.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Welcome to the Dawn Winery, dear adventurers. I am Adelinde, the head housemaid, and it is I who invited you all here.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks for the invite!
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You are Adelinde? Splendid! I am delighted to grant you the honor of joining me for afternoon tea.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Dearest Adelinde, on behalf of Her Majesty, Ms. Fischl, the Prinzessin der Verurteilung, and I, mein Fräulein's humble servant, thank you for inviting us&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, would you cut to the chase already!? Your titles are so wordy, it takes way too long to introduce yourselves!
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 02.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' My goodness... an adventurer of such distinguished status...
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' My pale-faced proselyte, how dare you interrupt a diplomat of the royal court in the middle of his speech!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for inviting us over for tea.
:{{DIcon}} Why did you call for us? Has something bad happened?
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 03.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' In fact, one of our employees here at the Dawn Winery, Mr. [[Hartman]], fell victim to the meteorite incident in Springvale.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 04.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' I hear that you were the ones who disposed of the meteorites. Thanks to you, Mr. Hartman is now awake.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 05.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' We are in your debt. It is merely common courtesy that I should invite you over for tea. This aside... There is a separate matter which I should like to enlist your help with.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, you're too kind, Adelinde! We were really just doing what any other adventurers would have done.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You may now kneel before your Prinzessin and make effusive display of your thanks for the favor that I have generously shown to thee and thy Winery kin. Take heart, my dear servants, for the glory of my majesty will flash eternal in the Vale of Springdom!
:{{DIcon}} "Flash eternal"? Isn't that a bit of an oxymoron?
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oz, hold off on the translation! Paimon wants to have a try this time! Umm... So what she's trying to say is... "You're welcome"?
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I applaud your powers of comprehension, my dear Paimon. You decipher mein Fräulein's royal utterances with remarkable ease.
:{{DIcon}} What is it that you need our help with?
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 06.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' The business of the Winery reaches not only to all of Mondstadt, but to all the corners of Liyue, too. Some of our workers do regular deliveries back and forth between the two regions, a single round trip taking several days in total.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 07.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Two of our delivery staff were due back yesterday, but as of this moment, I still have no contact from them at all. I worry that they became trapped somewhere when the meteorites struck...
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 08.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' The Winery is short-staffed at present, and I cannot afford to look for them myself. As audacious as it may be... all I can do is ask you for assistance.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okie-dokie, don't you worry, Adelinde! We're expert people-finders.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 09.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' Wonderful. I suggest you begin by asking around at {{Color|buzzword|Stone Gate}} &mdash; all delivery staff pass through there on their return from {{Color|buzzword|[[Liyue]]}}.
:{{A|vo eqast002 2 adelinde 10.ogg}} '''Adelinde:''' There were two carts in total, and the workers' names are {{Color|buzzword|Fritz}} and {{Color|buzzword|Ben}}.
:{{DIcon}} We will do everything in our power to find them.
:{{DIcon}} Don't you worry, we will find them.

===Finding the Carts===
;(Speak to Huachu)
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, um, we're looking for two Mondstadt carts, both loaded up with wine. Have you see them?
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 huachu 01.ogg}} '''Huachu:''' Hmm... Sorry I don't think so.
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay then. We'll keep asking around.

;(Speak to Pops Zhou)
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello! Have you seen any Mondstadt merchants traveling through here? You know, the ones with all the wine?
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 popszhou 01.ogg}} '''Pops Zhou:''' Ah... I'm afraid I have very poor eyesight! I'm not the right person to ask...
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Okay then...

;(Speak to Jianqiu)
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello! We're looking for a couple o' carts, originally from Mondstadt. Have you seen them?
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 jianqiu 01.ogg}} '''Jianqiu:''' From Mondstadt you say? You know, I think I did see one pass through here.
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Which way did it go?
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 jianqiu 02.ogg}} '''Jianqiu:''' Lemme me think... Ah, if I'm not mistaken, it was going towards {{Color|buzzword|Mondstadt}}.
:{{A|vo eqast002 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, mister! Now to chase down that cart!
----
;(Upon spotting the cart, Whopperflowers sprout from the ground)
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes! There are so many of them!

;(After defeating the Whopperflowers)
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 ben 02.ogg}} '''Man Dressed As a Worker:''' Phew, scared me half to death... Thanks so much! If you you hadn't happened to be passing through this way, I would've been a goner for sure.
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So which one are you, Ben or Fritz?
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 ben 03.ogg}} '''Ben:''' ...Hmm? I&mdash;I'm {{Color|buzzword|Ben}}! ...H&mdash;How did you know my name?
:{{DIcon}} We're not just passing through.
::{{A|vo eqast002 7 paimon 03a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we're your official search party~!
:{{DIcon}} We're your official search party!
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Per Adelinde's wishes, we came here specifically to find you and ensure your well-being.
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 ben 04.ogg}} '''Ben:''' Ah, I suppose she must've started worrying 'cause of the long delay...
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 ben 05.ogg}} '''Ben:''' I'm afraid that Fritz'<!--typo'd in-game--> cart is stranded out on the main road between {{Color|buzzword|Dihua Marsh}} and {{Color|buzzword|Stone Gate}}. It got hit by a meteorite, so...
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 ben 06.ogg}} '''Ben:''' Anyway, we agreed that I'd finish the delivery and then bring someone to fetch him. I just haven't factored in the part about getting ambushed by monsters along the way...
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 ben 07.ogg}} '''Ben:''' I really hope Fritz is okay. With me getting delayed here, the poor guy's been out there a long time. Now... I keep worrying that the same thing will've happen to him! Can you guys go bring him to safety?
:{{A|vo eqast002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Between {{Color|buzzword|Stone Gate}} and {{Color|buzzword|Dihua Marsh}}, right? Leave it to us!

;(Talk to Ben)
:'''Ben:''' It's like the end of the world, or something...
----
;(Upon spotting the wreaked cart)
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Lead the way, my pale-faced proselyte! For a sharp pain now afflicts Mein Auge der Verurteilung...

;(Investigating the scene)
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is the guy on the floor sleeping?
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I believe so. I've tried everything, but he won't wake up.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like he touched the meteorite, just like the others...
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 02.ogg}} '''???:''' If by "meteorite" you mean the rock that struck the cart &mdash; worry not, I have dealt with that already using my magic.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 03.ogg}} '''???:''' But by "others," do you mean to say, there are others who have fallen into a similar slumber?
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' One has witnessed with one's own Auge der Verurteilung the nightmarish slumber that proceeds fourth from the Valley of Demonbone... It has caused great suffering for the humble peasants in the Vale of Springdom, many of whom still battle this wretched affliction even as we speak.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' As mein Fräulein most eloquently describes, we have just come from Mondstadt, where many people have also fallen into an unwaking sleep. Their symptoms are identical to those of this poor gentlemen here.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Is that so... It appears these meteorites really made quite an impact.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems this guy is dressed like a Winery worker... and we've already met Ben &mdash; so this must be Fritz!
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Given that worker's attire has precious few distinguishing features, I must conclude that Paimon is blessed with exceptionally acute eyesight.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, Paimon's eyesight is normal, Paimon just has really great memory! You're right, though, his clothes don't really stand out that much... Especially not compared to this guy over here.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 05.ogg}} '''???:''' Haha, and by "this guy over here," you mean me?
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep! Paimon's never seen anyone dressed quite like you before.
:{{DIcon}} That huge hat is quite unique.
:{{DIcon}} Those unique clothes are quite beautiful.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 06.ogg}} '''???:''' I am a vagrant from [[Inazuma]]. I had just stopped to assist this poor gentlemen when you turned up.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 07.ogg}} '''???:''' Are you investigating the aftermath of the meteorite strike?
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah we were sent to help out.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I am Fischl, Prinzessin der Verurteilung, responding to the cry of my people in their hour of need!
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I am mein Fräulein's humble familiar, Oz the Raven.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And Paimon is an Honorary Knight of the Knights of the Favonius's best friend.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 08.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh? Then you must be said Honorary Knight of said [[Knights of Favonius]].
:{{DIcon}} I am an adventurer of The Guild.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I'm the Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Behold, my people, you beloved sovereign in the flesh! Do not despair, for judgment by Thundering Retribution is nigh, and it shall surely purge the seeds of nefarious nightmares that now sow chaos across the land!
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 09.ogg}} '''???:''' Um... Excuse me?
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't mind her, just... y'know, let her do her thing.
:{{DIcon}} She's a good egg, really.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 niuzhi 01.ogg}} '''Niu Zhi:''' Excuse me! What's going on here?
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, great &mdash; good thing you're here, Mr. [[Millelith]]. This guy's fast asleep, and he won't wake up!
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 10.ogg}} '''???:''' Ah, it appears this is now in the hands of the Millelith &mdash; in which case, I am no longer needed.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 11.ogg}} '''???:''' It was truly a pleasure to meet you all. I have other matters to attend to now, so I shall take my leave.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 scaramouche 12.ogg}} '''???:''' Adventurers... I wish you every success in your endeavors.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Bye-bye~!
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, what happened was, we came here looking for someone, and found them...

;(Paimon explains the situation)
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 niuzhi 02.ogg}} '''Niu Zhi:''' Thank you all for your cooperation. This victim is now in the care of the Millelith, and we will escort him safely to the {{Color|buzzword|disaster relief station}}.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Disaster relief station? You mean like a big tent with guards outside?
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 niuzhi 03.ogg}} '''Niu Zhi:''' Correct. We have established a {{Color|buzzword|disaster relief station}} at {{Color|buzzword|Wangshu Inn}}, where the unconscious victims of the meteorite strike can receive due medical attention.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' A wise decision by the Millelith.

;(Fritz is taken to the disaster relief station)
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't stop worrying about poor {{Color|buzzword|Fritz}}... We should really go check up on him.
:{{A|vo eqast002 8 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph... I suppose I shall design to join you for one further excursion.

===Visiting the Sick===
;(Arriving at Wangshu Inn)
:{{A|vo eqast002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Yep, same situation as in Springvale.
:{{A|vo eqast002 9 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' This cruel curse of cold spreads without mercy... O Heaven on high, tell us how we have angered you so!
:{{A|vo eqast002 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, keep your voice down! There are a lot of people here!
:{{A|vo eqast002 9 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Might I suggest we {{Color|buzzword|make some inquiries}} and see where it takes us?

;(Approaching Tiancheng)
:{{A|vo eqast002 10 tiancheng 01.ogg}} '''Tiancheng:''' Halt! Who are you?
:{{A|vo eqast002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've been commissioned by the Adventurers' Guild to investigate the meteorite strike. Do you mind if we take a quick look at this victim?
:{{A|vo eqast002 10 tiancheng 02.ogg}} '''Tiancheng:''' I see. Very well, Adventurers! You may take a look.
:{{A|Vo eqast002 10 patientsb 01.ogg}} '''Unconscious Victim:''' *mumbling in sleep*
:{{DIcon}} He shows no signs of waking.
:{{A|vo eqast002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wonders what he's dreaming about? Hmm... Probably that one about the mountain in the ice and snow.
:{{A|vo eqast002 10 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Fritz does not appear to be here. Let us keep looking.

;(Approaching another tent)
:{{A|vo eqast002 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's another sleeping victim!
:{{A|vo eqast002 11 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' His soul is in anguish, ensnared by a thousand thorns... His suffering is pitiable. May be soon know peace at last...
:{{A|vo eqast002 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Peace at last? Um, surely you don't mean...
:{{A|vo eqast002 11 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein simply wishes him a speedy recovery, beyond this, there is no hidden meaning behind her words.
:{{A|vo eqast002 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on Fritz, where are you?

;(Approaching the last tent)
:{{A|vo eqast002 12 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Another sleeper.
:{{A|vo eqast002 12 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Most unfortunate.. Crucified to a cruel cross of calamity barbaric born of some baleful blasphemy...
:{{DIcon}} We have got to find a way to wake everybody up.
:{{A|vo eqast002 12 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Precisely, mein Fräulein! If we dispose of the meteorites, the sleepers will be sure to wake.
:{{A|vo eqast002 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is so weird, that Millelith guy promised he was gonna bring Fritz here, didn't he? So why can't we find him anywhere?
:{{A|vo eqast002 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Let's go see what the {{Color|buzzword|innkeeper}} has to say.

;(Talk to Tiancheng)
:'''Tiancheng:''' I haven't had a moment's rest since the meteorite strikes started... Now I think about it, the sleepers don't have it so bad, do they?

;(Talk to Lao Cai)
:'''Lao Cai:''' While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail. Please report any new incidents to me.

;(Talk to Yunjiang)
:'''Yunjiang:''' Leave the patrolling of the area to me! ...But as far as dealing with the meteorites goes, I've heard you're the ones who know what you're doing?

;(Check Victims)
: '''Check Victim:''' The victim is still deep in sleep.
----
;(Speak to Huai'an)
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Excuse us, have you seen anyone come in that looks like an ordinary worker from Mondstadt?
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 huaian 01.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' The Millelith arrived with several new victims not long ago. Due to the limited capacity in the tent, I had them place the new arrivals in the upstairs guest rooms.
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, well could you give him a message when he wakes up? Tell him he needs to get back to the Dawn Winery as soon as possible, and let Adelinde know that he's safe and sound.
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 huaian 02.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' I will be more happy to.
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 huaian 03.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' And if I may be so bold, adventurers, I too have a request for you.
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Please tell us, what is troubling you?
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Pray tell of thy troubles, that one might better understand them.
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 huaian 04.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' I understand from the Millelith soldiers that you are investigating the meteorite strike.
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 huaian 05.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' This made me wonder, perhaps my friends from Mondstadt have already found a means of curing the victims?
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From what we've seen so far, all you need to do is get rid of the meteorites and the sleepers wake back up again.
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 huaian 06.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' Is that so... Then, if I understand you correctly, the meteorites are the cause of the victims' unconsciousness?
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep!
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 huaian 07.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' In that case, I would like to enlist your services in that regard. Do you think you can dispose of the {{Color|buzzword|meteorites}} in the {{Color|buzzword|vincinity of the inn}}?
:{{DIcon}} If we can find them, we can get rid of them.
:{{DIcon}} As long as you can tell us the locations of the meteorites.
:{{A|vo eqast002 13 huaian 08.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' Wonderful! You have my gratitude.

;(Talk to Huai'an)
:'''Huai'an:''' I will reserve a room for you, in case you, too, fall victim to the slumber...
:'''Huai'an:''' Hmm, saying that will probably bring you bad luck. Let me rephrase it, Good luck out there.

===Meteorite===
;(Upon spotting the meteorite)
:{{A|vo eqast002 14 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' What is that!?
:{{A|vo eqast002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This meteorite is way bigger than the others!

;(After disposing of the meteorite)
:{{A|vo eqast002 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon worries that the bigger the {{Color|buzzword|meteorite}}, the more powerful it is... Let's see if there's any more left.

;(Upon spotting the last meteorite)
:{{A|vo eqast002 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Fatui? What are they doing here?

;(After disposing the last meteorite)
:{{A|vo eqast002 15 fatuusa 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' This doesn't end here! A [[Harbinger]] is nearby, you'll get what's coming to you soon enough!
:{{A|vo eqast002 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the Fatui are investigating the meteorites as well? Even the Harbingers?
:{{A|vo eqast002 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is too strange... We need to be extra cautious.
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The seeds of nefarious nightmares appear to have taken firm root... Though my magic arrow of midnight purges the in an instant, they return with a vengeance.., Hmph, it would make a mockery of the majesty of the Prinzessin der Verurteilung!
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Indeed, mein Fräulein. Despite our best efforts to dispose of the meteorites, they continue to fall relentlessly in each corner of your domain, in which case, I fear...
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The strikes are happening faster than we can get rid of them.
:{{DIcon}} We need to find another solution.
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I, Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort, have traversed a thousand worlds &mdash; and yet, never before have I faced such a formidable foe.
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' This menace is neither monster nor magic... It is a curse, a curse has been placed upon the mortal realm.
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A curse!?
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Such a foul curse could only arise as a consequence of the continuous cries of unanswered longing, lost amidst the unpredictability and impermanence of fate...
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' How very tragic. Is this the inevitable fate of mankind? It grieves me greatly, no matter how many times I hear of it.
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't quite get the part about the thing being lost inside the other thing, but basically... These meteorites are a curse?
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Were they not a curse upon humanity, why then should they send humans into slumber? To be lost twixt life and death in an unending dream... 'tis the most dreadful fate imaginable for any living being.
:{{DIcon}} (Could what Fischl says really be true?)
:{{DIcon}} (The nightmares affecting the sleepers... is it really a curse?)
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' We must underestimate the magnitude of this matter no more! I fear this sinister force can withstand even the sum of all our power combined.
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Traveler, fetch me {{Color|buzzword|the one}} fated to face this fearsome foe!
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And who might that be?
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein is one of the opinion that one with the requisite expertise should be summoned to deal with the matter. She wonders if you know of any persons skilled in the undoing of curses?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not sure.
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Umm...
:{{A|vo eqast002 16 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh! Paimon can't think of anybody either! Maybe we should just go ask {{Color|buzzword|Katheryne}}?
----
;(Talk to Recuperated Victims after clearing the meteorites)
:'''Recuperated Victim 1:''' *yawn ...Hmm? What're you staring at me for?

:'''Recuperated Victim 2:''' Now I'm awake, can I go home? I just want to go home...

:'''Recuperated Victim 3:''' I hear you've been clearing away the meteorites? Nice work! There's a lot to be said for being young and fit, I suppose!

===Obtaining Help===
;(Speak to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Katheryne, the hour of destiny is upon you! I have invoked the sacred covenant between us, and now you must respond to the call.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Let me see... Are you saying you require an assistant?
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, she got it in one! Katheryne must be super smart.
:{{DIcon}} Know anyone with expertise in curses or dark magic?
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Unfortunately not. Though I do know of an astrologist.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' As it happens, the traveling astrologist {{Color|buzzword|Mona}} is currently in Mondstadt. Do you know her?

;(If you have completed [[Beyond This World's Stars]])
:{{DIcon}} Yes, we are acquainted.
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 katheryne 04a.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Well that simplifies things. Please wait, I will fetch her right away.
:;(A moment later...)
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 01a_1.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Someone looking for me? Who is it?
::{{DIcon}} You're Mona!
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 01a_2.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh, it's you!
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 01a_3.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So. What did you want?
;(If you have not completed [[Beyond This World's Stars]])
:{{DIcon}} Don't think so.
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 katheryne 04b_1.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Never mind. Please wait here a moment, I will see if she is available.
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 paimon 02b_1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We get to meet a real life astrologist! Paimon's so excited!
:;(A moment later...)
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 01b_1.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Katheryne, you seem frantic. What's the matter?
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 katheryne 04b_2.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Mona, I'd like to introduce you to some adventurers from the Guild. They've run into some problems and were hoping that you, with your astrological abilities, may be able to resolve them.
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 01b_2.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Were they now? Good call. I'm pleasantly surprised that they've heard of the astrologist of the century!
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 01b_3.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So, you must be the one who needed my help?
::{{DIcon}} Hello.
::{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 01b_4.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Come on then, give me the lowdown. I may be willing to offer my skills &mdash; it all depends on the situation.

:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 01b_5.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Astrology is an ancient and mysterious art. If your problem is a banal one, you can count me out, as I have better things to do.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 paimon 02b_2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So here's what's happened...

;(Paimon fills Mona in on what has happened...)
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' And all of this was caused by the meteor shower... This I was not expecting.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The darkness consumes every corner of the land... And in fading twilight, only the prinzessin and her retinue still stand...
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Ms. Mona, your means are most crucial to our ends.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Huh? Are you all together, then?
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I am Fischl von Luftschloss Narfidort, Prinzessin der Verurteilung, and I hereby extend to you the great honor of joining my retinue.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' "Prinzessin der Verurteilung"? I'm sorry, which nation are you a princess of?
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I hail from a distant and long-lost land known as the Immernachtreich...
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...The in-my-what reich!?
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Alas, precious few mere mortals know of the Immernachtreich.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Mere mortal!? Do you have any idea who you're talking to? I am a highly accomplished astrologist, thank you very much!
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Just give me one second with scryglass, then we'll see where exactly this homeland of yours features in your personal history!
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Ms. Mona! I humbly beseech you to refrain from probing the question of mein Fräulein's homeland... revisiting the tragic tale of the world's demise always causes her much anguish...
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Surely a wise mage such as yourself can sympathize with a princess' grief for her lost kingdom?
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' No, but&mdash; ahh...
:{{DIcon}} Sorry to interrupt, but work is our priority right now.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ahem! ...Yes, you're quite right.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' So. The goal here is to get all the sleepers to wake up. Am I right?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, they need help.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, we can't just leave them like this.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Understood. Alright then, don't worry! I will lend you a hand.
:{{A|vo eqast002 17 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' First things first, though, we need to get out of the city. There's too much magical disturbance here... Let's head somewhere where the {{Color|buzzword|ley line flow is a little smoother}}.
----
;(Arrive at the designated scrying location)
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Wide open space... clear sky...
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' This will do nicely.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I will now begin the process of hydromancy. Stay back, and do not impede my vision.

;(Mona performs hydromancy astrology magic)
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Whatever it was you just did, it looked awesome!
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' O, astral emissary, have thine eyes now discerned the secrets of the stars?
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, what do you find out?
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' How strange... I've never seen this before.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The divination shows that these {{Color|buzzword|meteorites}} came from someone's {{Color|buzzword|constellation}}.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Constellation? But they don't have anything to do with real astrology... Do they?
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That's what most people tend to think. But I've studied astrology for a very long time, and I know a few things about them that you might not.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The stars that make up a constellation &mdash; the Stella Fortuna &mdash; are genuine celestial bodies in the depths of space. They are not simply notional.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The strange thing is that they turned into meteors all of a sudden, and fell from the sky... Why this happened I am not yet sure. In need some time.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' A curse! A wretched curse, I say!
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' A curse!?
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' I, too, have journeyed to the stars, gazed beyond the veil of darkness, and glimpsed a shed of the truth... There, I saw a world cursed by human malice...
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Only one who died the most agonizing of deaths could leave behind such a vengeful spirit...
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' We must interrogate the population! Find the doer of this diabolical deed! The one who created this sinister specter is the true killer!
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Sorry, I'm not quite following you... What curse? And what killer?
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... don't take every word she says too literally...
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' (What's going on here? Why are the Traveler and Paimon frantically winking at me?)
:{{DIcon}} Fischl is full of, uh... enthusiasm.
:{{DIcon}} Fischl is full of, uh... mysteries.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Oh... Oh, I understand!
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Thou dost? Marvelous! The astral emissary understands at last!
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mutual understanding is the crucial first step towards teamwork. Welcome to the team, Mona.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You are hereby appointed as an honored servant of the Prinzessin. Unleash thy power, in service of our solemn to dispel this darkness once and for all!
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Honored? Heh... You should feel honored to have found me! Without me, you'd be doing ten times the work for half the results.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon likes you, Mona, you seem like the real deal!
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hahaha, well I'm glad you agree! Feel free to keep the compliments coming.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' With my astrolabe, I have ascertained the trajectory of fate. Next, I'll calculate the {{Color|buzzword|locations of the fallen meteorites}} for you.
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 16.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I need to look into the constellation issue in more detail. In the meantime, let me know ASAP if you find anything else out.
:{{DIcon}} You're a star, Mona! Thanks so much!
:{{A|vo eqast002 18 mona 17.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Don't worry about it. As far as the astrological aspect goes, this will be a piece of cake.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Crisis Deepens
|zhs     = 蔓延的危机
|zhs_rm  = Mànyán de Wēijī
|zht     = 蔓延的危機
|zht_rm  = Mànyán de Wéijī
|zh_tl   = Spreading Crisis
|ja      = 蔓延する危機
|ja_rm   = Man'en Suru Kiki
|ja_tl   = Spreading Crisis
|ko      = 확산하는 위기
|ko_rm   = Hwaksanhaneun Wigi
|ko_tl   = Spreading Crisis
|es      = Crisis inminente
|es_tl   = Imminent Crisis
|fr      = Les choses s'aggravent
|fr_tl   = Things Get Worse
|ru      = Кризис усугубляется
|ru_tl   = The Crisis Worsens
|th      = วิกฤตขยายวง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Crisis Gets Bigger
|vi      = Nguy Cơ Lây Lan
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Nicht enden wollende Krise
|de_tl   = Not Wanting To End Crisis
|id      = Krisis Menyebar
|id_tl   = The Spreading Crisis
|pt      = A Crise se Aprofunda
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:蔓延する危機]]
[[ru:Звезда недостижимой мечты]]