{{Quest Infobox
|id            =
|image         = Story Quest The Truth Is Also a Lie.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Cypressus Custos Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = The Firmiana Leaf Falls
|character     = Kamisato Ayato
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Ritou
|prev          = New Shoots from Old Branches
|next          = The Wind Settles
|exp           = 550
|mora          = 31,125
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Furuya Noboru; Hashimoto; Hatanaka; Hideo; Ide; Kamisato Ayato; Kubo; Kujou Kamaji; Mari; Matsuura; Nagase; Okabayashi; Paimon; Sayuri; Shinnojou; Tokunaga; Tomoki; Traveler; Yamaue; Yuzu
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Truth Is Also a Lie''' is the second part of [[Kamisato Ayato]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Cypressus Custos Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Firmiana Leaf Falls]].

==Steps==
# Go and save Shinnojou
# Investigate the situation inside the cave
# Defeat the guards
#* Ayato joins as trial character
# Talk to the guards
# Look for the [[Wooden Cage Key|key]] the [[Bake-Danuki]] made off with
# Use the key to free Shinnojou
# Talk to Shinnojou
# Check the current situation using the city Bulletin Board
# Talk to Kujou Kamaji
# Go observe the Kanjou Commission informant
#* Might need to proceed with the [[Omni-Ubiquity Net (Quest)|Omni-Ubiquity Net]] quest to unblock this step
# Follow Hideo and do not be discovered
# Observe from afar

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!--World Levels-->
|wl                     = 5,6,8

<!--Character-->
|character_name          = Kamisato Ayato

|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|character_level6        = 82 <!--not a typo-->
|constellation6          = 3

|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

<!--Weapon-->
|weapon_name             = Haran Geppaku Futsu

|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|weapon_level6           = 82
|refinement6             = 1

|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

<!--Artifacts-->
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4

|artifact_level5         = 16
|artifact_level6         = 20
|artifact_level8         = 20

<!--Talents-->
|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5
|normal_attack_talent6   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent6 = 9
|elemental_burst_talent6 = 6
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

<!--Attributes-->
|hp5                     = 21,707
|atk5                    = 1,498
|def5                    = 712
|em5                     = 42
|er5                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate5              = 79.1%
|crit_dmg5               = 120.7%

|hp6                     = 26,996
|atk6                    = 1,803
|def6                    = 862
|em6                     = 105
|er6                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate6              = 87.3%
|crit_dmg6               = 130.3%

|hp8                     = 28,209
|atk8                    = 1,889
|def8                    = 911
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 90.2%
|crit_dmg8               = 130.3%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As you go off to send your well-wishes, Ayato gradually realizes that there is some plot at play behind this wedding. According to his reasoning, you are rapidly approaching the truth...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Investigate the situation inside the cave)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are you doing? Release Shinnojou this instant!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 1 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Stop this at once.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 1 kubo 01.ogg}} '''Kubo:''' It's the Yashiro Commissioner...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 1 kubo 02.ogg}} '''Kubo:''' Hmph! Well, we take orders from our Master, no one else.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 1 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Really... Then, please excuse me!

;(After defeating the guards)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 kubo 01.ogg}} '''Kubo:''' Blast! Let's go!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 kubo 02.ogg}} '''Kubo:''' We must report to Master right away!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Get back here!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' No need to follow them.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' We need bait to catch the fish anyway. Leave them be.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I think I saw a key fall to the ground during the fight. Let's free Shinnojou first.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But... in all the chaos, it must have been kicked to one side. Hmm, where did it end up?
;(A tanuki runs past)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the...? It's a tanuki! ...Oh, don't tell Paimon that the tanuki took it!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 2 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Let's follow it and see.

;(Talk to Shinnojou)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Oh, thank the gods! You're here! Please, help me!

----
;(Look for the key that the bake-danuki made off with)

;(Use the key to free Shinnojou)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 shinnojou 01.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Thank you, thank you...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 shinnojou 02.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' It was terrifying... They said they were gonna throw the cage into the sea with me still inside...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 shinnojou 03.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Oh... Wait, you have to listen to me! Lady Chisato's wedding, they... It's all part of a scheme! Someone's trying to use the wedding for their own ends!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Calm down, Shinnojou. It's okay. We know about all that.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 shinnojou 04.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Our suspicions were roused to this possibility, and so far, everything is unfolding rather as we expected.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Those behind this plan are not going to give up easily. Their next move is imminent. We must devise sufficient countermeasures.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 shinnojou 05.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Yashiro Commissioner, you're personally going to take action?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This situation has consequences for the whole Tri-Commission, and the stability of all of Inazuma is at stake. My hitherto-neutral stance ends now.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The Almighty Shogun has always despised these pathetic power games. As a Commissioner, I am a servant of the Shogun, and it is therefore my duty to handle these tiresome matters on her behalf.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 shinnojou 06.ogg}} '''Shinnojou:''' Hmm... That's true...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Shinnojou, don't return to your post yet. Find somewhere safe and stay hidden.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Traveler, Paimon. Let's get out of here.

:'''A short while after leaving...'''

:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 01.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Well, if it isn't the Yashiro Commissioner.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 02.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I hear you showed up here with no explanation and attacked my men.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 03.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' You wouldn't happen to be carrying out some sort of secret mission, now, would you?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I heard that someone was taking the law into their own hands. As a responsible official of Inazuma, I could not in good conscience stand idly by.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Shinnojou may be your retainer, but the law does not grant you the right to abuse him.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 04.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Abuse? Nonsense! I was just teaching him a lesson.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 05.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Out of nowhere, a low-ranking officer decides to barge in on Lady Hiiragi and start spurting out the most absurd and insulting nonsense one can imagine... A truly egregious loss of decorum!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 06.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I daresay, the poor Lady was terrified.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' So you're saying that you know absolutely nothing of the reasons for his actions? Because otherwise, why would you describe it as "out of nowhere"?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 07.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Two people from two different clans are getting married, that's all there is to it, and yet this young gentleman took it upon himself to fabricate a nonsensical disaster story around it. How should I know what he was thinking?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 08.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Even if she marries into the Kujou Clan, Lady Hiiragi will always be the daughter of the Hiiragi Clan and the most distinguished member of the Kanjou Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 09.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' We are, and always will be, her loyal assistants. It's our duty to see that she never has to worry about anything.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 10.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Loyalty and duty are our guiding principles. Not only did this guard show no regard for either, he went out of his way to upset our Lady. How could one do such a thing?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 11.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Even if we put it down to a rare moment of impulsivity, I have to say I'm surprised to see one of such noble standing as yourself rushing to his defense.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Darn it! This guy is good... Annoyingly good!
:{{DIcon}} (He's a slimeball.)
:{{DIcon}} (But he's also difficult to argue against...)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Funny, I'm suddenly reminded of an anecdote I'd like to share with you. There's not been a dull moment since I took up my post in the Yashiro Commission. Every day, I've been exposed to new and fascinating things.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' For instance, a merchant from abroad once told me about a curious kind of bird with the most extraordinarily long tongue. So long, in fact, that you can tie two knots in the portion of it that extends out of its beak.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I'm sure someone as erudite as yourself should be able to guess what people do with these unusual avians?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 12.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Uh... keep them as pets?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Haha, you'd think, wouldn't you? But there's a catch. You see, this bird is of no use to humans whatsoever, and certainly doesn't make a suitable pet. If you catch one, the best thing you can do is actually cut its tongue off and throw it out of the window.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The reason they give is this: "The longest tongue has the most to say, but don't be deceived as it chirps away... lest the song it sings lead you astray."
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 13.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' You...! I say, Yashiro Commissioner, are you here simply to mock the Kanjou Commission?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Far from it. In my mind, the Kanjou Commission is made up of honorable individuals, upright and forthright, conscientious and loyal.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It is unbecoming of such people to resort to lies, deception, and filibustering all as part of a plan to remove Lady Hiiragi from her position in the Kanjou Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 14.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Yashiro Commissioner, please don't make accusations without any evidence.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The evidence is standing right in front of me, is it not? I have a credible witness who can confirm you were quick to try and make him disappear as soon as he said something that you did not like.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Dear me, I can't believe the grand Matsuura Clan is now represented by someone with less of a sense of loyalty than even an ordinary servant.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You studied hard and took a government position, only to make it to where you are now just to play these petty power games behind the scenes... I'm not sure whether it's because you're smart enough to play the system, or too foolish to know any better?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' In your years of service to the Shogun, not only have you managed to glean nothing good from the people around you, you have also let yourself be blinded by self-interest... And now you have ruined your once-bright future.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 21.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I'm not angry, Mr Matsuura... I just feel sorry for you.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 15.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' ...Hahaha! Is that right? Then tell me, if you're so bright, what exactly do you think you can do to me!?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 16.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' This is at most a Kanjou Commission issue. We'll handle this amongst ourselves.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 17.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' You are reaching rather outside of your bounds, Yashiro Commissioner, if you seek to involve yourself in other clans' affairs.... Might I be so bold, then, as to question your motives in doing so?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 18.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' I think you are simply opposed to an alliance between the Kanjou Commission and Tenryou Commission, because the new balance of power in the Tri-Commission would be a threat to you personally.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 19.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' So you come here with an elaborate excuse to try and break up this marriage!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 22.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hm. So, that's how you view it. Well, I have to admit, you clearly are far more talented than I at monitoring the power balance within the Tri-Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 20.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Let me be crystal clear. This wedding is going to happen, and nothing is going to change that.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 21.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' The notices have already been sent out. All of Inazuma City knows about it now!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 22.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Most of the public weren't aware that Kujou Kamaji and Hiiragi Chisato were courting, but you can bet it's all anybody's talking about now.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 23.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Once the notices go out, that's it! The wedding is a sure thing, even if it hasn't happened just yet!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 23.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Hm. I see. It seems like I was wrong.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 24.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Hah! So suddenly we see eye to eye?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 24.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I had expected you to at least be smarter than most. But it seems that I was gravely mistaken.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 25.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' Kamisato Ayato! You...! How dare you!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 25.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' You've made your move. Now, I suppose it's time I made mine.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 26.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' ...What do you mean?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 26.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Do you seriously think this marriage will bring the Kanjou Commission and the Tenryou Commission together?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 27.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Isn't it at all possible that the Kanjou Commission becomes marginalized as a consequence of this union?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 matsuura 27.ogg}} '''Matsuura:''' ...Hmm?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 28.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Goodness me. Well, I've learned a great deal from talking to you. That will be all for now. If you would excuse me, I shall take my leave.

;(After leaving)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, hey! What was all that? Paimon didn't follow at all!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 29.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' They had their scheme, but fortunately I was prepared. As I said, they ended up coming out from the shadows and revealing themselves.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 4 ayato 30.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Let's see how things are in Inazuma City. Then I'll take you through the details of my plan.
{{Dialogue end}}

----
{{Quest Description|update|Lies built on a foundation of truths are the toughest to deal with. It doesn't look like this situation can be averted. However, Ayato seems to have a couple more tricks up his sleeve.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Check the current situation using the city Bulletin Board)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 6 yuzu 01.ogg}} '''Yuzu:''' Hmm, look at this... The daughter of the Kanjou Commission's Hiiragi Clan and the master of the Tenryou Commission's Kujou Clan are getting married.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 6 furuyanoboru 01.ogg}} '''Furuya Noboru:''' Hehe... Sounds like an all-around perfect match, don't you think?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 6 yuzu 02.ogg}} '''Yuzu:''' For sure. I'm just surprised, it seems very sudden. I hadn't heard a single word about it until now.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 6 furuyanoboru 02.ogg}} '''Furuya Noboru:''' Good luck to them, I say. I'm sure it must have been a hard decision.

;(After listening in on Yuzu and Furuya Noboru's conversation)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like the wedding is definitely going ahead.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 7 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It's still too early to make that conclusion. Our adversary wants to push this marriage past the point of no return. However, we can still beat them at their own game.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 7 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But only if Kujou Kamaji is willing to help us.

;(Read the bulletin board)
:'''Shogunate Announcement:''' Ever may the Euthymia stand, long may the lightning shine. We are honored to hereby announce this most auspicious clime:
:'''Shogunate Announcement:''' Sir Kujou Kamaji, Proxy Clan Head of the Tenryou Commission,
:'''Shogunate Announcement:''' And Lady Hiiragi Chisato, Proxy Clan Head of the Kanjou Commission,
:'''Shogunate Announcement:''' Shall be getting married in the near future.

;(Talk to Yuzu or Furuya Noboru again)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 yuzu 01.ogg}} '''Yuzu:''' I wonder if they'll go anywhere nice for their honeymoon? Maybe somewhere outside Inazuma...
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 furuyanoboru 01.ogg}} '''Furuya Noboru:''' Don't tell me that you're thinking of adventuring in another nation again!

;(Talk to Sayuri and Mari at the Bulletin Board near Yae Publishing House)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 sayuri 01.ogg}} '''Sayuri:''' A wedding between the Kujou Clan and the Hiiragi Clan? I didn't see that coming!
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 mari 01.ogg}} '''Mari:''' A relative of mine works in the Kanjou Commission. I'll ask her about it.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 mari 02.ogg}} '''Mari:''' She's never mentioned it before, so... I don't know...

----
;(Talk to Kujou Kamaji)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Welcome. I just heard that the news of my wedding has been officially announced.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' It seems so sudden... I wasn't ready yet.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, about that... It's kinda complicated...

:'''You briefly explain the situation to Kujou Kamaji...'''

:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I see... So someone's trying to take advantage of our marriage...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If you proceed with the wedding, the repercussions for you are likely to be minimal. But we must take Lady Hiiragi's situation into consideration.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I've previously considered this possibility. But in the end, we are getting married for true love, and I've promised to her that I'll do everything in my power to protect her.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I understand where you're coming from, but to be frank, she should not need your protection.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Or to put it another way, you have tacitly admitted that Lady Hiiragi will need your help to get through the hard times ahead, which perhaps suggests that, deep down, you realize all she stands to lose.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I don't mean to criticize you. It is natural to want to protect our loved ones. You're an intelligent and gentle person, and I'm sure you would have been able to think about this more objectively were you not so emotionally involved in the situation.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I'm sure you admire Lady Hiiragi for being the independent, gentle, resilient, and strong-willed person she is.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' For the sake of marrying you, this wonderful woman will become someone who has to depend on you for the rest of her life.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Are you really okay with that?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' ...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I love her with all my heart and would do anything to make her happy...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' ...That's why I cannot abide to see her suffer or be manipulated by other people.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Yashiro Commissioner, you're right... It was naive and selfish of me to take things this far.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' But it's too late now, isn't it? There are notices everywhere...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I have a plan. But... it needs a villain.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Sir Kujou, in order for my plan to work, you and I must both play the role of antagonists. But it is not without its risks.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Are you willing to help?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' If there's a way to salvage this, then let's hear it.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I've told the people at the Kanjou Commission that the marriage isn't going to unify the Kanjou Commission and the Tenryou Commission. On the contrary, it's a terrible idea that will marginalize the Kanjou Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The context for this is that they are planning to use this marriage to bring down the Hiiragi Clan, and the key to their success is coming up against no resistance to the marriage from the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' But what if we were to imagine for a moment that since the affairs of the Vision Hunt Decree, the Tenryou Commission has been planning to make a move against the weakened Kanjou Commission...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' The only reason you have been hesitant to act since taking over the Tenryou Commission is because you care about Lady Hiiragi's feelings.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' And so, your plan is to liaise with the Yashiro Commission to marry her and bring her out of the Kanjou Commission as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Once that is achieved, as the person in charge of the Tenryou Commission, you no longer have any reason to hesitate.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I see! This is an ingenious plan, and takes advantage of the situation perfectly...
:{{DIcon}} This will make Hiiragi Chisato indispensable.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Exactly. Our purpose is to change Lady Hiiragi's position from an unnecessary burden to an indispensable asset.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' By doing so, we can even strengthen her position in the Kanjou Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 19.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Once our adversaries realize how the network of connections behind the scenes really looks, they'll do their utmost to stop this wedding from happening.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 20.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Then, we simply leave them to clear up the mess they've created.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 kujoukamaji 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Got it.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo lrlq002 10 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... So the network of connections... Ah, this is all way too complicated for Paimon! Can you just tell us what you need us to do?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 21.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' We have to make sure that the behind-the-scenes story comes to the attention of our dear friends in the Kanjou Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 22.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Matsuura, with whom I spoke earlier, will now be fearing the worst. No doubt he'll be on the lookout for the first sign of a crisis.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 23.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' In that case, he will almost certainly have placed informants throughout Inazuma City. What we need to do is to use these informants as a breeding ground for our fake intel.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 24.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Sir Kujou, there are certain things that I need you to attend to personally.

:'''Kamisato Ayato explains the details of his plan to Kujou Kamaji. A while later...'''

:{{A|vo lrlq002 10 ayato 25.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' It's almost time. My ninja has located one of the informants. Let's go and see if he'll take the bait.

----
;(Go and observe the Kanjou Commission informant)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 11 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' That person is one of Matsuura's informants.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 11 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Let's follow him. Be careful not to get seen.

;(Follow Hideo and do not be discovered)

;(If the player gets too far away)
:'''Hideo got too far away. Try sticking a bit closer.'''
:{{A|vo lrlq002 19 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Where'd he go?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 19 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He was right there a moment ago... Seems he disappeared in the blink of an eye.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 19 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If only we'd made less noise..

;(If the player is noticed)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 19 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, seems like he's noticed us...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 19 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Knew we should've been quieter...

;(Listen in on Hashimoto and Nagase's conversation while following Hideo)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 12 hashimoto 01.ogg}} '''Hashimoto:''' Did you see that? Sir Kujou Kamaji just came past here with a huge group of people.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 12 nagase 01.ogg}} '''Nagase:''' Could it be related to the wedding announcement?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 12 hashimoto 02.ogg}} '''Hashimoto:''' Maybe... but from the look on his face, it seems like something much more serious.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 12 hashimoto 03.ogg}} '''Hashimoto:''' He and his men seem pretty intense at the moment. Isn't it all a bit excessive for a wedding?

;(Listen in on Yamaue and Tokunaga's conversation while following Hideo)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 13 yamaue 01.ogg}} '''Yamaue:''' The Tenryou Commission has sent a load of people to Ritou. I guess it must have something to do with the wedding.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 13 yamaue 02.ogg}} '''Yamaue:''' I think in all there must have been about a hundred people so far.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 13 tokunaga 01.ogg}} '''Tokunaga:''' That doesn't sound good. What could be going on?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 13 tokunaga 02.ogg}} '''Tokunaga:''' Ah, I hope it's just Sir Kujou Kamaji being overcautious.

;(Listen in on Hideo)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 14 hideo 01.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' The news is spreading fast, but it appears Master's fears may be well-placed.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 14 hideo 02.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' There's no way they sent this many people just to escort the bride...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 14 hideo 03.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' I have to investigate.

:{{A|vo lrlq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He ran off...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 14 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' As expected. Let's follow him.

;(Observe from afar while Hideo talks to the Tenryou Commission guards)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! It's like the whole Tenryou Commission is here!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 01.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' Excuse me, has something happened on this road?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 02.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' I'm a businessman passing through, and it's a little disconcerting to see this place so heavily guarded.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 okabayashi 01.ogg}} '''Okabayashi:''' Ah, please don't be alarmed. As I'm sure you've heard, the wedding of Sir Kujou Kamaji and Lady Hiiragi Chisato will take place any day now.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 okabayashi 02.ogg}} '''Okabayashi:''' Sir Kujou decided to send for Lady Hiiragi ahead of time and have her live in Inazuma City during the run-up to the wedding.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 03.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' I see...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 okabayashi 03.ogg}} '''Okabayashi:''' We are here to clear the way for Lady Hiiragi.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 okabayashi 04.ogg}} '''Okabayashi:''' Not just us, either. You'll see more Tenryou Commission members as you go further along. We're all here for the same duty.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 04.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' ...Isn't this a little excessive?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 okabayashi 05.ogg}} '''Okabayashi:''' Sir Kujou holds Lady Hiiragi in the highest regard and wants to treat her with the utmost respect from beginning to end.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 05.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' I understand... Sorry to disturb your work.
;(Hideo steps away from the Tenryou Commission guards)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 06.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' Drat. It's exactly as Master feared.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 07.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' They say they're here to guard the road, but really they're poised to attack if Master doesn't allow Lady Hiiragi to leave Ritou...
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 08.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' Wait, no... If Lady Hiiragi does leave, they'll have all the more reason to strike... But we're in no state to defend against a Tenryou Commission attack!
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 hideo 09.ogg}} '''Hideo:''' I must tell Master right away!
;(Hideo runs off)

:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He ran off again...
:{{DIcon}} He looked like he'd seen a ghost.
:{{DIcon}} Now he realizes how serious this situation is.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 ayato 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' That should do it, the seeds have been sown. In this atmosphere, mounting suspicion will nurture fear among the Kanjou Commission.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 ayato 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Now, we wait patiently for it to grow and ferment. The calm before the storm is always the part that unsettles people the most.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are they really gonna own up and apologize, just like that?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 ayato 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' If you're curious to find out, you can visit the Hiiragi Clan in Ritou in a couple of days.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 ayato 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' I have some other business to attend to. So I won't be spending any more time on this situation.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 ayato 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' In any case, we've made our move. It's only a matter of time before they give up and surrender.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you so confident?
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 ayato 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' This is not my first time.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 ayato 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayato:''' Well, then. Goodbye for now. I truly hope that things will work out in Hiiragi Chisato's best interests.
;(Ayato leaves)
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He left kind of abruptly... Are things really gonna turn out like he predicted?
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep an eye on things until the end.
:{{DIcon}} I'm still a little worried about Hiiragi Chisato.
:{{A|vo lrlq002 15 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon too! Well, let's go to Ritou again in two days!
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Okabayashi after the quest ends)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 okabayashi 01.ogg}} '''Okabayashi:''' Our duty here is to ensure the safety of this road.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 okabayashi 02.ogg}} '''Okabayashi:''' You'll see more Tenryou Commission members as you go further along. We're all here for the same duty. Please don't be alarmed.

;(Talk to Hatanaka along the road to Ritou after the quest ends)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 hatanaka 01.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' Everything is safe and sound. No unusual activity.
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 hatanaka 02.ogg}} '''Hatanaka:''' Please feel free to go about your business. Our duty here should not affect you in any way.

;(Talk to Ide along the road to Ritou, outside Konda village, after the quest ends)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 ide 01.ogg}} '''Ide:''' What could be so urgent...
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 ide 02.ogg}} '''Ide:''' Oh, uh, don't mind me. Just talking to myself.

;(Talk to Tomoki in Ritou after the quest ends)
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Hmm... What's with all these people coming in and out? And why does everyone look so serious?
:{{A|vo dialog lrlq002 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Maybe I should head home early today...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Truth Is Also a Lie
|zhs     = 真实亦是谎言
|zhs_rm  = Zhēnshí Yì Shì Huǎngyán
|zht     = 真實亦是謊言
|zht_rm  = Zhēnshí Yì Shì Huǎngyán
|zh_tl   = The Truth Is Also a Lie
|ja      = 真実もまた嘘なり
|ja_rm   = Shinjitsu mo Mata Uso nari
|ja_tl   = The Truth Is Also a Lie
|ko      = 진실 역시 거짓말
|ko_rm   = Jinsil Yeoksi Geojitmal
|ko_tl   = The Truth Is Also a Lie
|es      = La mentira detrás de la verdad
|es_tl   = The Lie Behind the Truth
|fr      = Vérité et mensonge
|fr_tl   = Truth and Lie
|ru      = Правдивая ложь
|ru_tl   = The True Lie
|th      = ความจริงก็คือเรื่องโกหก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sự Thật Cũng Là Giả Dối
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auch die Wahrheit ist eine Lüge
|de_tl   = Also The Truth Is a Lie
|id      = Kebenaran yang Merupakan Kebohongan
|id_tl   = The Truth That is a Lie
|pt      = A Verdade Também É Uma Mentira
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hem Yalan Hem Gerçek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La verità è anche una menzogna
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[es:La mentira detrás de la verdad]]