{{Act Infobox
|image          = Summertime Odyssey Chapter.png
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Summertime Odyssey
|actNum         = I
|actType        = None
|next           = As the Courtyard in Spring Once Appeared
}}
'''The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!''' is the first act of the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

==Quests==
* [[The Golden Apple Vacation Returns! (Quest)]]

==Summary==
After returning to [[Mondstadt]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] learn from [[Katheryne]] that [[Fischl]] had been looking for them, and had directed them to meet her at the statue outside the [[Favonius Cathedral]]. They head to the statue where they find Fischl, [[Oz]] and [[Mona]]. Fischl reveals that after bumping into [[Klee]], she received an anonymous letter offering up a masterless land in which she could restore her fallen kingdom. While Fischl is excited to head to the island, Mona suspects that [[Alice]] and [[Barbeloth|her master]] must be behind the letter due to Klee's involvement. The Traveler and Paimon immediately recognize the location as the [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] and the author of the letter as Alice. 

Recalling that [[Venti]] had taken them there before, the Traveler and Paimon head to [[Angel's Share]] and find him at a table [[Xinyan]] and [[Kaedehara Kazuha|Kazuha]], who had both come from Liyue and ended up at Mondstadt. Venti shares a tale about [[Midsummer Island Adventure/Story|their last visit to the island]] before offering drinks to Xinyan and Kazuha. The Traveler and Venti then leave to speak in private, where the latter reveals that he had been in on Alice's plan all along. He gives the Traveler the Dodocommunication Device, a prototype communicator that Alice had given him when she and Klee passed by Mondstadt a few days ago.

When they head downstairs, they find Kazuha drunk, and Venti realizes that he had mixed up the juice with cocktails, much to Paimon's annoyance. Nonetheless, both Xinyan and Kazuha are eager for a new adventure, so the Traveler invites them along. The next day, the group reconvenes at the front gate of the city; there, they meet Fischl and Mona, who take a liking to the two newcomers. They then head outside the city boundaries and find a Dodoco-themed device outside, which takes them to the Archipelago.

As soon as they land, Fischl and Mona get into an argument over who can swim better and begin racing each other. Meanwhile, Xinyan goes to prepare the camp, while Kazuha decides to scout the islands and asks the Traveler to come along. During their investigation, the Traveler and Kazuha find a strange device and the presence of Fatui on the island; after running into a [[Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire|Legionnaire]] behaving oddly and defeating him, a Fatuus named [[Persikov]] arrives. Persikov explains that the Fatui came to the island to test a new kind of energy generator he had created. However, the machine had broken, so they were just about to leave. Persikov is surprised to learn that the islands belong to someone, but agrees to stay within the area of the device. Kazuha asks the Traveler to keep their knowledge of the Fatui's presence from the others so that they can enjoy their vacation.

After returning to the camp, they find the other three more relaxed than before. The Traveler and Paimon call Venti using the Dodocommunication Device and inform him of the Fatui presence on the Archipelago. Venti reassures the pair that the Fatui won't impede their vacation. 

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!
|zhs       = 再临！金苹果假日
|zhs_rm    = Zàilín! Jīn Píngguǒ Jiàrì
|zht       = 再臨！金蘋果假日
|zht_rm    = Zàilín! Jīn Píngguǒ Jiàrì
|zh_tl     = Returns! The Golden Apple Vacation
|ja        = 再臨！金リンゴバカンス
|ja_rm     = Sairin! Kin Ringo Bakansu
|ja_tl     = Returns! The Golden Apple Vacation
|ko        = 다시 찾아온 금사과의 휴일!
|ko_rm     = Dasi Chajaon Geumsagwa-ui Hyuil!
|ko_tl     = The Golden Apple Vacation Returns!
|es        = ¡Otras vacaciones en Manzana Dorada!
|es_tl     = Another Vacation at Golden Apple!
|fr        = Vacances à la pomme dorée, le retour&nbsp;!
|fr_tl     = Vacation in the Golden Apple, the Return!
|ru        = Ещё один отпуск на архипелаге Золотого яблока!
|ru_tl     = One More Holiday in the Golden Apple Archipelago!
|th        = กลับมาอีกครั้ง! วันหยุดใน Golden Apple Archipelago
|th_rm     = Klab Ma Eek Krang! Wan Yud nai Golden Apple Archipelago
|th_tl     = Returns! The Golden Apple Archipelago Vacations
|vi        = Kỳ Nghỉ Táo Vàng! Tái Xuất!
|vi_tl     = The Golden Apple Vacation! Returns!
|de        = Nochmal! Urlaub auf dem Goldapfelarchipel!
|de_tl     = Again! Holiday in the Golden Apple Archipelago!
|id        = Lagi! Liburan di Golden Apple Archipelago!
|id_tl     = Again! Holiday in the Golden Apple Archipelago!
|pt        = As Férias da Maçã Dourada Voltaram!
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Altın Elma Tatili Geri Dönüyor!
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Il ritorno delle vacanze alla Mela dorata!
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Una travesía estival (I)]]
[[ja:再臨！金リンゴバカンス]]
[[pt-br:As Férias da Maçã Dourada Voltaram!]]