{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70652
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|event_name    = Lost Riches
|summary       = Ulman travels to Inazuma and ends up attracting another Treasure-Seeking Seelie. He convinces the Traveler to use it with his book to find treasure in Inazuma.
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = The Path of the Treasure-Seeker, Part I
|next          = 
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Treasure-Seeking Seelie|1}}
*Unlocks [[Lost Riches]] Event
|characters    = Traveler; Ulman
}}

'''The Path of the Treasure-Seeker... Part II?''' is an Event Quest to introduce the [[Lost Riches/2021-08-06|second Lost Riches]] event.

==Steps==
*Talk to [[Ulman]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A certain fellow named Ulman is at the Inazuman seaside, puzzling over his present situation...}}
===First Interaction===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(If the Traveler is meeting Ulman for the first time)
:'''Ulman:''' *sigh* Seriously, am I some sort of Seelie magnet?
:{{DIcon}} What Seelie magnet?
:'''Ulman:''' You're... the Traveler? Oh my, your timing is impeccable!
:'''Ulman:''' Listen, I've got an earnest proposal. A profitable proposal, too. Interested, by any chance?
:{{DIcon}} Not going to keep it yourself?
:{{DIcon}} Sounds suspect.
:'''Ulman:''' Ah, come on, no need to be on your guard. Come on, I'm just an ordinary guy looking to make some money in Inazuma.
:'''Ulman:''' But of course, Inazuma's a closed country, right? So I got together with some friends to come up with a plan. I got myself a boat that way, and prepared to cross the ocean and get to Inazuma.
:'''Ulman:''' *sigh* But the weather grew stranger the closer I drew to Inazuma. The thunder peeled and the storms roared...
:'''Ulman:''' And bam! One lightning bolt from the sky hit my boat dead on, wrecking it, and I was hurled into the sea.
:'''Ulman:''' Waves came crashing in. I got a few mouthfuls of seawater as I struggled before fainting. When I came to again, I was lying on the beach.
:{{DIcon}} You're one lucky man.
:'''Ulman:''' Hahaha, you can say that I've always been this way.
:'''Ulman:''' And, hmmm, how should I put this? So I had a look around once I'd reached shore, and...
:'''Ulman:''' I met this little fellow.
:{{DIcon}} A&mdash;A Seelie?
:'''Ulman:''' A treasure-Seeking Seelie, to be precise. As the name suggests, they are the best buddies of people who seek treasure.
:'''Ulman:''' But for reasons I can't understand, it just decided to quit on me after finding a few treasure sites. Now it just spends its time circling around me.
:'''Ulman:''' I've given it some thought, and I reckon that it has gotten sick of my slow rate of unearthing treasure, and now looking for a new partner.
:'''Ulman:''' If you're interested, Traveler, why don't you take up that role?
:{{DIcon}} I'm no expert in Seelie communications...
:'''Ulman:''' Haha, it's not an issue, don't worry. I mean, look at this fellow, bouncing with excitement and all &mdash; I'd wager it's taken a liking to you!
:'''Ulman:''' *cough* Well, more on that later. Either way, wanna try working with this Seelie?
:{{DIcon}} Couldn't hurt to try...
:{{DIcon}} As long it'll have me...
:'''Ulman:''' Great! That makes two... no, three of us. Partners!
:'''Ulman:''' Take this book with you. The locations I've marked out on them have treasure buried in them somewhere.
:'''Ulman:''' But without a Treasure-Seeking Seelie, there's no way I'd be able to find them, so it's up to you, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} And who shall the treasure go to?
::'''Ulman:''' Well... The items you find themselves are yours &mdash; I'll stake no claim on them.
:{{DIcon}} Guess we'll split the goods fifty-fifty?
::'''Ulman:''' Oh ho, looks like you know the rules... But no, I'll decline my share of any treasure you find.
:'''Ulman:''' But there's a chance that you'll unearth some Iron Coins while you're looking for treasure...
:'''Ulman:''' If you find any of that ancient currency, please bring them to me.
:'''Ulman:''' Most people won't take these, but I'll give you a good price for them.
:'''Ulman:''' Well then. The books yours, and so's this Seelie.
:'''Ulman:''' Happy hunting. Traveler... and here's to our profitable partnership!
;(Obtain [[Treasure-Seeking Seelie]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Repeated Interaction===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(If the Traveler has met Ulman before in the previous [[The Path of the Treasure-Seeker, Part I]] event)
:'''Ulman:''' *sigh* Seriously, am I some sort of Seelie magnet?
:'''Ulman:''' Oh, it's... it's you, Traveler! Fancy meeting you here as well!
:{{DIcon}} ...Um, who are you?
::'''Ulman:''' Come on, it's me, Ulman! We teamed up to look for treasure before, remember?
::'''Ulman:''' ...Right, the Treasure-Seeking Seelie! You remember that at least, right?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, you're the guy with the Treasure-Seeking Seelie...
::'''Ulman:''' Right, that's me, Ulman. We teamed up in the past, remember?
:{{DIcon}} Sure. Why are you here in Inazuma?
:'''Ulman:''' Ahem. So, uh... You remember how you found me all those Iron Coins during our last partnership, yes?
:'''Ulman:''' I had them sold off and made a tidy sum of Mora myself... Hehe. Thanks for that, by the way.
:'''Ulman:''' But as you know, there're always ways and means of spending Mora. I've quite spent the whole amount by now...
:'''Ulman:''' Not to mention how I no longer had a Treasure-Seeking Seelie, so there was no chance that I'd be able to find those Iron Coins without further help from you.
:'''Ulman:''' So while I was cooking up some other way to finance myself...
:'''Ulman:''' ...I heard from an, ah, acquaintance that Inazuma's a place chock-full of treasure, so I came here to try my luck.
:{{DIcon}} You know this is a closed country, right?
:'''Ulman:''' Yes, yes, of course. Well... Let's just say that I have my ways.
:'''Ulman:''' Now, where was I? Right. So I made arrangements with those "friends" of mine and got my hands on a boat for a fee. With that, I made ready to sail to Inazuma.
:'''Ulman:''' *sigh* But the weather grew stranger the closer I drew to Inazuma. The thunder peeled and the storms roared...
:'''Ulman:''' And bam! One lightning bolt from the sky hit my boat dead on, wrecking it, and I was hurled into the sea.
:'''Ulman:''' Waves came crashing in. I got a few mouthfuls of seawater as I struggled before fainting. When I came to again, I was lying on the beach.
:{{DIcon}} You're one lucky man.
:'''Ulman:''' Hahaha, you can say that I've always been this way.
:'''Ulman:''' And, hmmm, how should I put this? So I had a look around once I'd reached shore, and...
:'''Ulman:''' Somehow, I bumped into this little one again, and it helped me find a few treasures, to boot. So I thought, "oh, these must also be Treasure-Seeking Seelie..."
:'''Ulman:''' But like the previous bunch, it also got tired after searching a few sites with treasures in them, and now it just circles around me over and over...
:{{DIcon}} It's this sort of Seelie again...
:'''Ulman:''' I don't know either. Maybe I'm some sort of Seelie magnet?
:'''Ulman:''' Or maybe there's something on my person that attracts them? I don't really get it either...
:'''Ulman:''' But either way, now that I'm here, I'm not leaving empty-handed.
:'''Ulman:''' According to the information I have, there should still be some treasure around. I've jotted the general areas down in my notebook.
:'''Ulman:''' But since this fellow isn't looking too enthusiastic, I'd wager that it would be too tall a task for me...
:'''Ulman:''' So, what say you partner up with your old buddy Ulman again, eh, Traveler? Your Treasure-Seeking Seelie should still be raring to go.
:'''Ulman:''' Same deal as last time: I'll mark the spots for you, and you'll find the treasure for me. The items you find themselves are yours &mdash; I'll stake no claim on them.
:'''Ulman:''' But if you find any Iron Coins, just bring those beauties to me, and I'll make sure to give you a good price for 'em.
:{{DIcon}} As long as the price is right.
:'''Ulman:''' And it will be, friend, I assure you! We're long-time partners now, you can trust me!
:'''Ulman:''' Here, take my notebook. Happy hunting, Traveler, and here's to a profitable partnership!
;(Obtain [[Treasure-Seeking Seelie]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Path of the Treasure-Seeker... Part II?
|zhs     = 寻宝的方法…之二？
|zhs_rm  = Xúnbǎo de Fāngfǎ... Zhī Èr?
|zht     = 尋寶的方法…之二？
|zht_rm  = Xúnbǎo de Fāngfǎ... Zhī Èr?
|zh_tl   = The Method of Treasure Seeking... Part Two?
|ja      = 宝探しの方法…その二？
|ja_rm   = Takara-sagashi no Houhou... Sono Ni?
|ja_tl   = Treasure-Seeking Method... Part Two?
|ko      = 보물 찾는 방법… 2탄?
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El arte de buscar tesoros... ¿De nuevo?
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Comment trouver un trésor... Le retour ?
|fr_tl   = How to Find a Treasure... The Return?
|ru      = Путь искателя сокровищ... Часть II?
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = วิธีที่สอง... ในเส้นทางของนักล่าสมบัติ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cách tìm kho báu khác sao?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kunst des Schatzsuchens ... Teil II?
|de_tl   = Art of Treasure Hunting ... Part II?
|id      = Salah Satu Cara Mencari Harta Karun... Bagian II?
|id_tl   = One of the Way of Treasure Hunting... Part II?
|pt      = O Caminho do Caçador de Tesouros... Parte II?
|pt_tl   = The Path of the Treasure Hunter... Part II?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}