{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Ningguang
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = 
|next          = Business as Usual
|next2         = Time Off!
|characters    = Baishi; Baiwen; Baixiao; Ningguang; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''The Jade Chamber Once More''' is a quest in [[Ningguang]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest]].

==Steps==
#Go to the [[Jade Chamber]] to meet Ningguang
#Talk to [[Baishi]]
#*Make a serious effort. Proceed to [[Business as Usual]].
#*Avoid anything complicated. Proceed to [[Time Off!]]

==Dialogue==
===The Jade Chamber Once More===
{{Quest Description|You receive an invitation from Ningguang, she seems to have something to discuss with you.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ah, it looks like all our problems are solved. Welcome to the Jade Chamber, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 baishi 01.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Oh, great! I have no idea what we would have done otherwise...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 baiwen 01.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' I didn't think we'd really manage to get you here.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 baixiao 01.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' This was a last-minute situation, and you're the one we trust the most.
:{{DIcon}} What's happened?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' To put it simply, we are just looking for the right person to help. We had a very long discussion about it, but to no avail.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I have tasked my three most trusted secretaries with overseeing an important auction tomorrow. This, however, leaves their regular duties unattended to, and the work cannot afford to go undone.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The nature of their day-to-day work is highly sensitive and confidential, so whomever I ask to fill in needs to be someone I can trust, and who doesn't have a conflict of interest.
:{{DIcon}} So you thought of me?
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes. You were the person who came to mind. We may not have spent a great deal of time together... but I do place a great deal of trust in you.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think I'm up to this task...
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There's no need to be quite so modest. Actually, you were the first person I thought of. I place a great deal of trust in you. Besides, we haven't thought of any other suitable candidates.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' To me, this work is highly sensitive and of utmost importance, though I'm sure you will find it to be mundane at best. It would not surprise me if you can't bear the tedium or can't make the time...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' And yet, despite this, I thought it could do no harm to ask the question, on the off chance that you are interested.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' As it happens, I was just having a discussion on backup plans with my secretaries before you arrived.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 baixiao 02.ogg}} '''Baixiao:''' But... the outcome of that discussion was that we couldn't think of a suitable alternative...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 baiwen 02.ogg}} '''Baiwen:''' This is a good reminder that we should always have a contingency plan for everything.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Anyway. This may add to the debt of gratitude I owe you, but the fact is, your arrival here has rescued what was fast becoming a rather dire situation indeed.
:{{DIcon}} If I have what it takes, I'll do it.
:{{DIcon}} How tedious are we talking?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I wouldn't worry. It's all work you'll be quite familiar with — planning trips, gathering pertinent information, that sort of thing.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' All basic skills required by competent adventurers, if I'm not mistaken.
:{{DIcon}} Okay. I'll give it a try...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 baishi 02.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' If you have any questions about your work, I will answer them shortly.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 baishi 03.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' The administrative work Lady Ningguang touched upon just now is only one aspect. You'll also be required to cater for Lady Ningguang's basic daily needs, such as clothing and meals, and be on call for any other requests she may have.
:{{DIcon}} That's, um... Wow.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Don't be mistaken, I won't put you in a difficult position. And I will fully respect your judgment.
:{{DIcon}} ...Why can't you do it yourself?
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' None of this is hard work, but there is a lot to do and it's highly repetitive. Having a dedicated staff member deal with it exclusively means that everyone has clearly delineated duties and can focus on their own work.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Simply put, this is about maximizing overall efficiency.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Alright. Please proceed to the office. Baishi will go over the work with you in more detail.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913101 baishi 04.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Yes, Lady Ningguang. Okay, let's go.{{Dialogue end}}

===Scheduling the Day===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Baishi)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 01.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Before I get into specifics, I want to start by giving you the big picture.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 02.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' As a member of the Liyue Qixing, Lady Ningguang's every move is in the spotlight. Maintaining her perfect image at all times is absolutely essential.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 03.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' My usual job is to be her right hand, to maintain her image, and take care of all her worries.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 04.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' For example, arranging her daily schedule, picking out clothes for her... dressing her, applying her perfume...
:{{DIcon}} Your eyes are really sparkling right now...
:{{DIcon}} Are you in a trance, or?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 05.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Ahem. You misunderstand me. I am simply trying to impress upon you the sheer importance of the work you will be undertaking!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Baishi has always been very passionate about her work. I can leave any task in her capable hands and rest assured that her performance will be nothing short of exemplary.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm sure she was simply trying to share some of her enthusiasm, in the hopes that you may find it infectious.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 06.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Th—Thank you, Lady Ningguang!
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 07.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Back to the topic at hand. Let's get into the details.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 08.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Baixiao and Baiwen handle tasks that require enormous experience, while I'm mainly responsible for organizing her daily scheduled and making sure she is well-fed, dressed for any occasion, and that all her needs are met.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 09.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' I can go through the methods I use and give you some pointers based on my experience to ensure that you are fully equipped to perform your duties.
:{{DIcon}} It's just basic daily routine stuff. It'll be fine.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 10.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' All in a day's work for the Traveler, hmm? Great, then I'll skip that and just get to the handover of duties.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 11.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Currently, there are 133 items that have yet to be scheduled, 17 of which are high-importance and...
:{{DIcon}} ...133!?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 12.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Yes. I did try to make a start in advance, but only got as far as roughly prioritizing the tasks before I ran out of time.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 13.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' I'll go through the most important items with you in more detail. If there's anything you don't understand, feel free to stop me with questions at any point.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 14.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' First is the periodic meeting with the representatives of the Eight Trades, after that, fielding opinions on revisions to the current tax legislation.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 15.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Then, a discussion with Lady Keqing on issues relating to time restrictions on land conveyance deals. Following that, there's a Q&A session with all the major commerce guilds.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 16.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Right after that, there's—
:{{DIcon}} Hold up! Do I really have to understand Ningguang's work in all this detail just to organize her schedule?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 17.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Yes, you do. To the uninitiated, scheduling may sound like a simple process of matching tasks to time slots, but there is actually far more to it than that.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 18.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' You need to take travel time into account, along with a whole spectrum of potential issues that can arise...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 19.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Ample knowledge of all outside factors that may weigh upon your plan A is essential to devise a workable contingency plan.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 20.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' I assume this is all making sense... unless you had any other questions at this point?
:{{DIcon}} (She's not going to keep going on like this... is she?)
:{{DIcon}} No, I think I'm good...
:{{DIcon}} (Actually, I didn't understand any of it...)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 21.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Good, then let's press on — we're tight on time here, and there's a lot to get through. And we still need to leave enough time for you to prepare Lady Ningguang's schedule.
:{{DIcon}} Uh, n—no need.
:{{DIcon}} I think I know how to approach it now.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 22.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Already? Wow... you're a fast learner. Very good, this will be much more efficient.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Wonderful. Then I'll be counting on you to provide my schedule for tomorrow.
:{{DIcon}} I'll do my best.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm grateful for your assistance. Now, I will leave you here in peace to proceed with your work. I still have a few items from today's schedule that need addressing.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If anything else is unclear, you can ask Baishi.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 23.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Take care, Lady Ningguang!
:{{Hangout Branch|(Alright. Time to make a serious effort.)|Business as Usual}}
::'''You hand over the schedule you made to Baishi.'''
::
:;(Opens [[Rigorous Schedule]])
::: 1. Eat, wash up, change, get ready to go out.
::: 2. Meet businesswoman [[Luo Qiao]] at Liuli Pavilion, eat lunch.
::: 3. Meet three informants and exchange information.
::: 4. Go to Yuehai Pavilion for a conference.
::: 5. Light meal, negotiate any outstanding matters from the conference, return to Jade Chamber.
:::
::: The specific times for the first three items are flexible and progress-dependent. The conference in Item 4 is scheduled for the evening. Arriving early is recommended.
::
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 24.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Good. You factored in both priority and efficiency, and produced a rigorous and well-structured schedule. You've clearly considered it from every angle.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 25.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Excellent work. You've got quite a knack for this.
::{{DIcon}} Too kind.
::{{DIcon}} My brain is fried now, though...
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 26.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Please be here at the Jade Chamber tomorrow morning before Lady Ningguang wakes up, and start preparing based on the schedule.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 27.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' With you helping out here, we will be able to focus fully on the auction — it will be quite a complicated affair.
::{{DIcon}} I hope everything goes well tomorrow.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 28.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' I hope so, too. You must be exhausted. Make sure you get an early night tonight.
:;(Proceed to [[Business as Usual]])

:{{Hangout Branch|(Alright. Time to avoid anything complicated.)|Time Off!}}
::'''You hand over the schedule you made to Baishi.'''
::
:;(Opens [[Simple Schedule]])
::: One day off!
::
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 29.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Um, don't you think that this schedule is a bit of a light load?
::{{DIcon}} Ningguang hasn't taken a vacation in a long time, I'll bet?
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 30.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' That's true. Lady Ningguang has a lot of work to attend to, and frankly, she doesn't have many opportunities to rest.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 31.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' We do sometimes worry about her health. But her attitude is very Mora-driven. If by taking a break there's a chance she'll lose Mora, she'll never agree to it.
::{{DIcon}} But the work will always be there.
::{{DIcon}} No amount of Mora is worth ruining your health for.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 32.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Ah, I see where you're coming from... Yes. You have a point.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 33.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' Alright then, let's go with your plan. I'm sure Lady Ningguang has plenty she wants to talk about with you.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 34.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' There's a lot of things that need doing over at the auction venue, so I will be leaving you now.
::{{DIcon}} I hope everything goes well tomorrow.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913102 baishi 35.ogg}} '''Baishi:''' I hope so, too. You must be exhausted. Make sure you get an early night tonight.
:;(Proceed to [[Time Off!]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = The Jade Chamber Once More
|zhs     = 再访群玉阁
|zhs_rm  = Zàifǎng Qúnyùgé
|zht     = 再訪群玉閣
|zht_rm  = Zàifǎng Qúnyùgé
|zh_tl   = Revisiting Jade Chamber
|ja      = 群玉閣を再訪する
|ja_rm   = Gungyokukaku wo Saihou suru
|ja_tl   = Revisiting the Jade Chamber
|ko      = 다시 방문한 군옥각
|ko_rm   = Dasi Bangmunhan Gunokgak
|ko_tl   = Revisiting Jade Chamber
|es      = El regreso a la Cámara de Jade
|es_tl   = The Return to the Jade Chamber
|fr      = Retour à la Chambre de Jade
|fr_tl   = Back to the Jade Chamber
|ru      = Возвращение в Нефритовый дворец
|ru_tl   = Return to the Jade Castle
|th      = เยี่ยมเยียน Jade Chamber อีกครั้ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thăm Lại Quần Ngọc Các
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Noch einmal die Jadekammer
|de_tl   = Once Again the Jade Chamber
|id      = Ayo ke Jade Chamber Lagi
|id_tl   = Let's go to the Jade Chamber Again
|pt      = O Regresso à Câmara de Jade
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yeşim Konak'a Dönüş
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La Dimora di giada, ancora una volta
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}