{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40000
|title         = Liyue: Theater Mechanicus
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite
|summary       = 
|requirement   = [[The Origin of the Lanterns]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|other         = 
*Unlocks [[Lantern Rite/Theater Mechanicus|Theater Mechanicus]] Event
|characters    = Traveler; Ruijin
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
}}
'''Liyue: Theater Mechanicus''' is the Event Quest from the [[Lantern Rite]] [[event]] that unlocks [[Lantern Rite/Theater Mechanicus|Theater Mechanicus]].
==Steps==
#Talk to [[Ruijin]]
#Try Theater Mechanicus

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ruijin]] from [[Liyue Harbor]] is promoting a new "game"...}}
{{dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ruijin)
:'''Ruijin:''' Hello! Would you like to play a round of Theater Mechanicus?
:{{DIcon}} Theater Mechanicus? What's that?
:'''Ruijin:''' Oh, never heard of it? Allow me to introduce it to you then. Theater Mechanicus is a kind of tabletop game invented by yours truly.
:'''Ruijin:''' Do you see these things laid out on the table here? These are all important items used in Theater Mechanicus.
:{{DIcon}} Looks pretty complicated...
:'''Ruijin:''' It may seem complicated, but you'll get the hang of it after you play a couple of times.
:'''Ruijin:''' So, how about it? Would you like to give it a try?
:{{DIcon}} Uh, well how much does it cost to play?
:{{DIcon}} It must be pretty expensive...
:'''Ruijin:''' No, not at all. It is the Lantern Rite, after all. Besides, I was hoping to collect everyone's initial impressions of the game.
:'''Ruijin:''' So all it'll cost you to play is a single Xiao Lantern.
:'''Ruijin:''' If you'd like to try, just bring me a Xiao Lantern and you'll be good to go!
:'''Ruijin:'''  C'mon, give it a try! I'll even let you play the first round for free and you can keep your Xiao Lantern.
:;(Theater Mechanicus Gameplay Tutorial)

;(Talk to Ruijin again)
:'''Ruijin:'''  C'mon, give it a try! I'll even let you play the first round for free and you can keep your Xiao Lantern.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Liyue: Theater Mechanicus
|zhs     = 璃月・机关棋谭
|zhs_rm  = Líyuè · Jīguān Qítán
|zht     = 璃月・機關棋譚
|zht_rm  = Líyuè · Jīguān Qítán
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 璃月・機関棋譚
|ja_rm   = Riiywe - Kikan Kitan{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Liyue - Engine Chess Talk{{Sino}}
|ko      = 리월・기관 디펜스
|ko_rm   = Riwol - Gigwan Dipenseu
|ko_tl   = Liyue - Engine Defense
|es      = La arena mecánica de Liyue
|es_tl   = The Mechanical Arena of Liyue
|fr      = Théâtre mécanique à Liyue
|fr_tl   = Mechanical Theater in Liyue
|ru      = Ли Юэ: Театр Механикус
|ru_tl   = Liyue: Theater Mechanicus
|th      = Liyue: Theater Mechanicus
|vi      = Liyue - Cờ Cơ Quan
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Liyue – Theater der Vorrichtungen
|de_tl   = Liyue - Theater of Devices
|id      = Liyue: Theater Mechanicus
|pt      = Liyue: Teatro Mechanicus
|pt_tl   = Liyue: Theater Mechanicus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}