{{EventTabs|rootpage=Theater Mechanicus/2021-08-12}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72656
|title         = Inazuma: Theater Mechanicus
|type          = World
|event_name    = Theater Mechanicus: Stage of Wonders
|summary       = 
|requirement   = [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|other         = *Unlocks [[Theater Mechanicus]] Event
|characters    = Traveler; Komakata
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
}}
'''''Inazuma: Theater Mechanicus''''' is an Event Quest that unlocks [[Theater Mechanicus]].
==Steps==
#Talk to [[Komakata]]
#Try Theater Mechanicus

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You discover someone who is promoting Theater Mechanicus in [[Inazuma]]...}}
{{dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Komakata)
:'''Komakata:''' Come, try your hand at Theater Mechanicus!
:{{DIcon}} What is it?
::'''Komakata:''' W&mdash;Welcome! I am a local representative for this new game from [[Liyue]]. It's called Theater Mechanicus!
::'''Komakata:''' In short, it is a game that can be played on a board. It was first invented by [[Ruijin|Ms. Ruijin]] from Liyue.
::'''Komakata:''' Well, according to Ms. Ruijin, I am one of their overseas agents.
:{{DIcon}} How come there's Theater Mechanicus here...
::'''Komakata:''' Welcome... Huh? So you know Theater Mechanicus?
::'''Komakata:''' Ah, I see. You must've played it in Liyue before.
::'''Komakata:''' Ms. Ruijin told me that she promotes the game during the [[Lantern Rite]]... So it did work after all.
::'''Komakata:''' Well, according to Ms. Ruijin, I'm a local representative of Theater Mechanicus in Inazuma.
:'''Komakata:''' After I obtained... umm... the distribution rights, Ms. Ruijin sent me a complete set of Theater Mechanicus and the business model that goes with it.
:'''Komakata:''' Although it initially got confiscated by the [[Outlander Affairs Agency]]... it took me a while to get a copy of this game back.
:{{DIcon}} Why did the Outlander Affairs Agency confiscate this...
:'''Komakata:''' They'll confiscate anything from overseas...
:'''Komakata:''' Anyway, let's not talk about this.
:'''Komakata:''' Do you see these things laid out on the table here? These are all important items used in Theater Mechanicus.
:'''Komakata:''' Does it feel like Liyue? Hahaha, this version was tailor-made according to the descriptions in Ms. Ruijin's letter.
:'''Komakata:''' I even had someone make this table... It cost me a fortune.
:'''Komakata:''' And per Ms. Ruijin's suggestions, I added new features to Theater Mechanicus.
:'''Komakata:''' Well... Anyway, it's better to learn through practice. Why don't you just give it a go? You'll understand after you play it.
:{{DIcon}} Play Theater Mechanicus.
::'''Komakata:''' Sure thing! Enjoy the brand-new version of Theater Mechanicus! You won't be disappointed!
:;(Theater Mechanicus gameplay tutorial)
:{{DIcon}} I don't have time...
::'''Komakata:''' Well, try it when you're free next time.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Arena mecánica (misión)]]
[[pt-br:Teatro Mechanicus/11-08-2021/História]]
[[ru:Театр Механикус/2021-08-12/История]]