{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = Motherboard Troubleshooting
|subpage2 = Record of the Search for Glory
|subpage3 = Purgation Counterstrike
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures Chapter.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures
}}
'''Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|20;Song of the Dragon and Freedom|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

Recommended Quests: {{Quest|Masquerade of the Guilty|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==List of Parts==
* Part I - [[Water Imp's Conjecture]]
* Part II - [[Prince's Country]]
* Part III - [[Miraculous Crown]]

==Summary==
===Part I - Water Imp's Conjecture===
{{Transclude|Water Imp's Conjecture|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

===Part II - Prince's Country===
{{Transclude|Prince's Country|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

===Part III - Miraculous Crown===
{{Transclude|Miraculous Crown|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

==Open World Interactables==
{{Transclude|Freminet's Temporary Camp|Interactables}}

===Door Knock===
Prior to completing step 2 of [[Miraculous Crown (Quest)]], the player can knock on the door of the house near the [[Teleport Waypoint]] southeast of [[Weeping Willow of the Lake]].<!-- available prior to speaking with Delaroche for the very first time -->
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Knock on the door)
:{{A|vo rpeq003 3 jalacan 01.ogg}} '''A male voice from inside the room:''' Who are you? I have a patient here who needs quiet bed rest. Please leave us be unless you have anything urgent to report.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Character Appearances==
===Playable Characters===
The following [[playable characters]] appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world. The prerequisite(s) shown in the prerequisite column need to be completed for characters to appear in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Part I !! Part II !! Part III !! Open World
|-
|[[Freminet]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}}
|}

===Event Exclusive Notable Non-Playable Characters===
The following event exclusive notable non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Part I !! Part II !! Part III !! Open World !! Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Thelxie]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || Becomes available during Part I
|-
|[[Zuria Destree]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Lescot Destree]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|-
|[[Jalacan]] || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|no}} || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}} ||
|}

===Regular Non-Playable Characters===
The following regular (not event-exclusive) non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or have unique dialogue in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Dialogue
|-
|[[Delaroche]] || {{Check|yes}} || {{Check|no}}
|}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
* Solamenaline, the medicine for Loneliness Syndrome, is supposedly an {{w|antidepressant}}. It is derived from the Latin word "{{wt|solamen}}," meaning "solace," "consolation," or "comfort."
** The original Chinese equivalent, {{Zh|百愁解|rm=bǎi chóu jiě}} appears to reference the Chinese term for {{Lang|{{w|Prozac}}|zh={{W|zh:百忧解|百忧解}}|zh_rm=bǎi yōu jiě}}, which is a real-world antidepressant medication.
* The animation shown during the initial launch of the event menu after completing the quest in part 1 has words in Morse code encoded with an offset of -1 using Caesar cipher. The words are:
** "- ..-. ...- --" > "TFVM" > "SEUL" - translates from French to "alone".
** "... ..-. .-- ..-. ..." > "SFWFS" > "REVER" - translates from French to "dream".
** "-. .--- ... -... -.. -- ..-." > "NJSBDMF" > "MIRACLE".

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

[[pt-br:Aventuras Fantásticas de Thelxie/História]]
[[ru:Фантастические приключения Телькси/История]]
[[vi:Chuyến Thám Hiểm Kỳ Ảo Của Thelxie/Cốt Truyện]]