{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74006
|image         = World Quest There Will Come Soft Rains.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Ancient Colors
|act           = A Gradient of Dreams and Ochre
|actNum        = II
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Cosanzeana; Glaisti; Irus; Kaykaus; Kaykubad; Mamere; Paimon; Puca; Serene; Seymour; Traveler; Virda
|startLocation = [[Merusea Village]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Beryl Region
|subarea       = Merusea Village
|prev          = The Illusion's Finishings
|next          = Limner, Dreamer, and Robotic Dog
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Primogem*60;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
}}
'''''There Will Come Soft Rains''''' is the only quest in the {{Quest|A Gradient of Dreams and Ochre}}.

==Steps==
# Ask about the parts in [[Merusea Village]]
# Collect [[Strange Part|strange parts]] (0/4)
# Return to [[Mamere]]
# Head to the designated location
# Defeat the Rifthounds {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound;Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*2}}
# Find the hiding Melusine nearby
# Find the trapped Melusine
# Cut the [[Seagrass]]
# Head to the designated location
# Return to Merusea Village
# Head to the designated location through the shortcut
# Defeat the Rifthounds {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp*2}}
# Use the Prismatic Resonance to investigate the ore
# Defeat the Rifthounds
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=2}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound|x=1}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* The four strange parts can be obtained from any four sources among these:
** Talking to [[Serene]] for the first time
** Completing the World Quests ''[[The Lone Phantom Sail]]'', ''[["Hey, This Isn't Pumpkin Soup..."]]'', ''[[Fishing Game]]'' or ''[[Book of Esoteric Revelations]]''
** Opening two Exquisite Chests near Merusea Village
** Helping other Melusines, e.g. [[Cosanzeana]]. Serene can inform the player of which Melusines need help and where to find them.
*** Cosanzeana can be helped even prior to starting this quest.<!--Rewards 20 Primogems and 10000 Mora--> The flowers given to her can be harvested the day after completing the {{Quest|Were It So Easy}}.
* [[Seymour]] will fight alongside the player in all "Defeat the Rifthounds" steps as a {{Enemy|Recon Log Mek - Pneuma}}.
* [[Kaykaus]] and [[Kaykubad]] will fight alongside the player in the first wave of the final step as an {{Enemy|Eremite Crossbow}} and an {{Enemy|Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier}}, respectively.
* [[Irus]] will fight alongside the player in the second wave of the final step as an {{Enemy|Eremite Axe Vanguard}}.
* Completing step 3 grants the {{Achievement|Nothing but a Hound Dog...}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Help Mamere collect the parts to repair Seymour.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Serene)
:'''Serene:''' Ah, you there, tall stranger!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Sounds like someone's calling out to us, {{Traveler}}...

;(Approach Serene)
:'''Serene:''' Ah, you finally looked over! Hello there, tall stranger and...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's Paimon, and {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s {{Traveler}}.
:'''Serene:''' Alright, I got it! {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}} and Miss Paimon. Welcome to Merusea Village!
:{{DIcon}} Miss...?
:'''Serene:''' {{MC|m=Ah... Sorry. So sorry. I'm just used to being considerate to the people in the village. Miss Paimon also looked like she could use some care, so I just called her that without thinking...|f=Ah... Sorry. So sorry. I'm used to showing consideration to people in the village, so I just called you both "Miss" without thinking...}}
:{{DIcon}} {{MC|m=Paimon probably could use some more care indeed...|f=No need to apologize.}}
:'''Paimon:''' {{MC|m=Hey! Paimon cares for you all the time too, you know!|f=Yeah! You don't need to be so nervous! You can call us whatever you want!}}
:'''Paimon:''' Still... what's your name...
:'''Serene:''' I'm Serene. Just call me Serene.
:'''Serene:''' I heard you were trying to collect components... Did something happen?
:{{Black Screen|You explain everything that happened before to Serene...}}
:'''Serene:''' I didn't think something like that would occur... This must be reported to Monsieur [[Neuvillette]] immediately.
:'''Serene:''' Thank you, {{MC|m=Mister|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}} and Miss Paimon. If it weren't for you, something worse would've definitely followed.
:'''Paimon:''' But Seymour still broke down...
:'''Serene:''' Hmm... So that's why you were collecting components, yes?
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Though we're not really sure how to fix him right now... We were thinking that after getting the components, we could go somewhere like the [[Fontaine Research Institute]] and find someone to help us...
:'''Serene:''' If that's the case, then please take this.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Are these... components? Are you just giving them to us?
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{DIcon}} Do you need us to help you with anything?
::'''Serene:''' Huh? Ah, no! I didn't mean to use this to get your help or anything!
::'''Serene:''' Well, either {{Traveler}} or Mamere are going to need those components, right? So just accept them!
::{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:'''Serene:''' I should be the one thanking you. Thank you for taking care of Mamere.
:'''Serene:''' That child's always alone and never tells me about anything...
:'''Serene:''' So, seeing her joyously talking with someone &mdash; and that someone being an outsider human friend as well &mdash; makes me happy.
:'''Serene:''' Though, if I had more components, maybe that could solve the problem immediately, right? It's as I expected. It will take more hard work on my part to better assist everyone...
:'''Paimon:''' C'mon, you've already helped us. Anyway, we'll be taking these components! Thanks a lot, Serene!
:{{DIcon}} Right, where can we find more components?
:'''Serene:''' Hmm... Let me think. You can check the areas around the village. If you're lucky, you might be able to pick up some scattered components.
:'''Serene:''' But, this method alone isn't that efficient...
:'''Serene:''' So, why don't you ask the villagers if they need help with anything? I'm sure they'll give you components in exchange for that help.

;(After collecting four Strange Parts)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh! What do you know? We've already collected so many components!
:'''Paimon:''' This should be enough, right? C'mon, let's go back and meet up with Mamere!
----
;(Approach Cosanzeana for the first time)<span id="Cosanzeana's_Flowers" />
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Ah, you're from the outside. W&mdash;Welcome, but... I don't have flowers to give you right now.
:'''Paimon:''' Flowers? Aw, c'mon, there's no need to be so formal.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Oh, okay. In that case, let me just welcome you very, very enthusiastically to Merusea Village. Welcome!
:{{DIcon}} Thanks a lot!
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Yup. I'm very enthusiastic, so whatever you want to know, I'll tell you all about it.
:'''Paimon:''' Nice! In that case, could you tell us a bit about Merusea Village?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Sure I can. The village is home to lots of Melusines... Well, you can't see them here, but you will if you keep going forward.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Everyone here is a wonderful Melusine, so if you're a good person, you'll definitely be welcomed here!
:{{DIcon}} I'm a good person.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon is too!
::'''Cosanzeana:''' And that's good to hear!
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't say that I've never done any evil...
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Eh? O&mdash;Oh no... I... I have to tell my friends who work at the [[Marechaussee Phantom]]...
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, hey, {{Traveler}} was just joking! We haven't done anything worth us being pursued by the Marechaussee Phantom!
::'''Cosanzeana:''' ...Really?
::'''Paimon:''' Really! Of course really!
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Okay. I trust you.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' What should I say next? I... forgot... But I remember that the ending was "I hope you enjoy your stay here in our village"!
:'''Paimon:''' Nice! Shall we go have a look, then, {{Traveler}}? We'll see you later, Cosanzeana!
:'''Cosanzeana:''' See you. I hope that the next time we meet, I'll have lots of flowers ready for you!

;(Talk to Cosanzeana again)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Why? Why won't they sprout...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey there, what are you busy with? Ooh. This is what they call a "home vegetable garden," right?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' A v&mdash;vegetable garden? But this is supposed to be a flower garden... Oh no, I'm not a very good florist, am I...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Did Paimon get something wrong? Sorry, sorry.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, so was this what you were talking about previously when you said that you had no flowers to give us, Cosanzeana?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' That's right. I've planted all these seeds, but nothing's happened yet. They aren't all ruined, are they?
:'''Paimon:''' That would be such a shame! You'd need to start over in that case, wouldn't you?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' That's right. I mean, what I want is a beautiful flower garden... I don't want people to call it a vegetable garden...
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm. If that's the case, just let us, the ever-helpful helpers, help you!
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Paimon and {{Traveler}}... Do you know how to garden? Can you help me?
: Thanks a lot!
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Yup. I'm very enthusiastic, so whatever you want to know, I'll tell you all about it.
:'''Paimon:''' Nice! In that case, could you tell us a bit about Merusea Village?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Sure I can. The village is home to lots of Melusines... Well, you can't see them here, but you will if you keep going forward.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Everyone here is a wonderful Melusine, so if you're a good person, you'll definitely be welcomed here!
:{{DIcon}} I've been known to plant some flowers and crops here and there.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Ooh, that's so cool! My wish is to become an awesome florist! ...But the flowers I plant always wither.
:{{DIcon}} I've watched others plant flowers.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Humans learn by watching others so easily. I tried doing that too, but I still keep failing...
:'''Cosanzeana:''' I tried transplanting flowers at first, but they always died. After that, I tried to start them off from seeds, but they just refuse to sprout...
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Flowers are so beautiful, but raising them is so hard... But humans have gotten used to such hard work, so they have an easy time caring for flowers.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe humans just plant flowers in environments better suited to growing them.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' The environment... The humans who sell flowers also said that "flowers grow better outside." But if I do that, it'll be hard for me to go care for them.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' It is said that there are all sorts of flowers in faraway places, and maybe, just maybe, some of them might do better here in the village... But I can't go so far from home to collect them myself.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, then you've met the right people! We, Paimon and {{Traveler}}, have traveled everywhere, and we've seen all sorts of flowers!
:{{DIcon}} [[Windwheel Aster]]s, for example.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right. [[Windwheel Aster]]s grow out in the wild, and they're a tough breed. Maybe they'll also grow here!
::'''Cosanzeana:''' "Pinwheel Asters"... I've never heard that name before. Are they really spikey or something?
::'''Paimon:''' Well, not really. "Windwheels" are things you put on buildings. They have big sails that are like flower petals, and when the wind blows, then spin like this &mdash; fwoop, fwoop, fwoop!
::'''Paimon:''' Windwheel Asters are called that because they spin in the wind as well.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' So they spin and make fwoop noises? Amazing! I wish I could go see them right now!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Can you think of any other suitable flowers?
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} [[Silk Flower]]s, for example.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Silt Flowers? What a strange name. Do they grow in the muck and mud?
::'''Paimon:''' No, that's not it! If you hear "silk," it means pretty clothes! The flowers themselves are beautiful too, and they can even be worn!
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Pretty flowers from another land that you can wear? ... That's so cool. I wish I could see one right now.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Can you think of any other suitable flowers?
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} [[Naku Weed]]s, for example.
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, that's a good idea! Naku Weeds can even grow in places that are stormy all year round. Surely [[Merusea Village]] doesn't have weather that bad!
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Not-Cool Weeds? A strange name. I've heard that humans display flowers at their "horticultural fairs." Do humans abroad display weeds, too?
::'''Paimon:''' Well, no. Naku Weeds are a type of flower, not a weed. Even if the wind isn't blowing, they will gently shake when thunder can be heard. That's why the locals use them to predict the coming of a storm!
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Flowers that can vibrate by themselves... I wonder what those might look like. I'd really want to see them!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Can you think of any other suitable flowers?
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} [[Sumeru Rose]]s, for instance.
::'''Paimon:''' That's right, you can find Sumeru Roses everywhere in [[Sumeru]]'s rainforests. It's a really tough plant! The rainforest is also pretty humid, so it's quite similar to Merusea Village.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Sumeru Roses... I've tried planting [[Rainbow Rose|other roses]]. Is there any difference between them and the ones from Sumeru?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Y'know, Paimon doesn't really know all that much about flower varieties, but its color, at least, is definitely different from the ones you find in [[Fontaine]].
::'''Paimon:''' But the Sumeru Rose's most distinguishing feature is its scent! You can use it to make great perfumes, and it's amazing when added to desserts, hehe.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' I've never seen such an exotic rose before, and with a special scent, you say... Mm, I'd love to get a whiff of that.
::{{DIcon}} Odds are that Paimon will eat it before you get a chance.
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, Paimon won't do that! She'll at least wait till it's been made into a proper dish first!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Can you think of any other suitable flowers?
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} (I think that'll do for now.)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, since you're so curious, Cosanzeana, why don't we help you look for a few exotic flowers?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' You really would? In that case, could I have all of them at&mdash; Wait... no, no. I have to be a responsible florist, so just one type will do for starters.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' {{Traveler}}... What kind of flowers would you be willing to bring me?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go with a Windwheel Aster.
:{{DIcon}} Let's get her a Silk Flower.
:{{DIcon}} Let's give her a Naku Weed.
:{{DIcon}} Let's find her a Sumeru Rose.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, sure! This isn't something you see often in Fontaine, so it'll make for awesome bragging rights with the humans here!
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Hehe. Being able to show off a flower to humans... Oh, I never even dreamed that such a day might come!
:{{DIcon}} As long as your wish can come true.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' You two are the best! I'll definitely pay back your kindness.
:{{DIcon}} Consider it compensation for Paimon's transgressions.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Oh, that's fine, I'm already over it! Please, help me bring flowers from other lands so I can build the most beautiful garden!
:'''Paimon:''' If you've made your decision, {{Traveler}}, let's give those flowers to Cosanzeana.
:;(Submit chosen flower ×4)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Distant land's flowers, flowers from a distant land~ now I have you in my hand!
:'''Paimon:''' Phew! Planting these flowers is pretty tough!
:{{DIcon}} You say that, but it was Cosanzeana and I who did the work.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's been super concerned for these flowers, you know! Mental stress counts as work too!
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Flowers from distant lands... So strange, yet so beautiful. Hehe, my flower garden will be the envy of the humans!
:'''Paimon:''' Yup, you don't see them in Fontaine often, so make sure to show them off to the people here a little more, hehe!

;(Talk to Cosanzeana if the submission menu was closed)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Flowers from a distant land, a distant land's flowers~ Have you two brought some today? Is this the hour?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} (Give Cosanzeana some exotic flowers to try growing.)
:;(Dialogue continues as above)
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Cosanzeana:''' Oh, I don't mean to be a bother... but could you be faster, {{Traveler}}, just a little faster? They're all I can think about now...

;(If Windwheel Aster was chosen)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Ah, so Windwheel Asters are these golden-red flowers. They're so warm and bright.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' And they really do spin, just like you said, Paimon! Ooh, it does burn the eyes a tad to stare too long at them, though.
:'''Paimon:''' Golden... and eye-scorching?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Since Windwheel Asters are so bright, the "windwheels" themselves must be really bright, too. People must mount them on their homes to produce light, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, that's not how we use them, no.

;(If Silk Flower was chosen)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Ah, so Silk Flowers are these crystal-clear things. They look so much like pearls!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh, really? Are they?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' If one were to wear these flowers, it would be like wearing a waterfall! I've never seen such clothes before, though.
:'''Paimon:''' Neither has Paimon...
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Hmm, yes! This must be what the humans call "fashion" — the stranger the better, so I hear.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, that's not how you use Silk Flowers, and that's not what fashion is either... is it?

;(If Naku Weed was chosen)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' So these are the vibrating flowers...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Without thunder all around and in a cave like this, you can barely tell that they're moving.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' ...It's hard to make out, but the sound they make when vibrating is very beautiful!
:'''Paimon:''' They make beautiful sounds? Paimon can't hear 'em, though...
:'''Cosanzeana:''' The sound is crisp and pleasant to the ear &mdash; ah, I can't get enough of it! Such lovely flowers, that sing with such lovely voices...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. It seems she really can hear the sound of a Naku Weed when it vibrates. Look how engrossed she is...
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Hmm... It this "thunder" thing strikes, the Naku Weeds will vibrate more strongly, and the sound they make will be louder, right?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Hmmm... This must be because all flowers need fertilizer, and "thunder" is that of the Naku Weed... Do you know where we might buy this "thunder"?
:'''Paimon:''' From the [[Raiden Shogun]]? ...Wait, but thunder isn't fertilizer in the first place!

;(If Sumeru Rose was chosen)
:'''Paimon:''' Hehehe, you can't smell those Sumeru Roses without being reminded of the delicious dishes you can make using them! [[Rose Custard]], [[Candied Ajilenakh Nut]]s, [[Lambad Fish Roll]]...
:'''Cosanzeana:''' So this is the Sumeru Rose that you love to eat, Paimon... So many petals, with so many colors...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Sumeru Roses... have many colors?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' That's right. Petals of many colors combine to form this flower, and their colors shift as it rocks back and forth...
:'''Paimon:''' They... even change color?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Now I get it! When you put Sumeru Roses into food, the food itself will also start to turn into a rainbow of shifting colors. No wonder you love those dishes, Paimon &mdash; they must be truly beautiful!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon thinks that you'd only see multicolored food that changes color after eating some poisonous mushrooms...

:'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't think that you would see flowers so differently from us, Cosanzeana... and that explaining things would be so tough... Paimon's head hurts now.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Why would your head hurt? You think that those flowers are beautiful, and I see them exactly the same way.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, they are pretty, but Paimon wouldn't call our perspectives "exactly the same." We definitely share an appreciation for flowers, though, so there's no need to sweat the small stuff &mdash; you just concentrate on taking care of them!
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Yes! Next I must find some {{Color|buzzword|water}} with which to nourish my precious flowers...
:{{DIcon}} No need to trouble yourself, I'll fetch some for you.
:'''Paimon:''' That's right, just leave it to {{Traveler}}!

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:'''  Let’s give the flowers some more {{color|buzzword|water}}!

;(Talk with Cosanzeana before watering the flowers, optional)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Ah, little flowers, you've come from so far away. You must be thirsty! Come, have some water, so you can grow...

;(After watering the plants with {{Hydro}})
:'''Paimon:''' That should do it. Now we just need to leave the flowers to grow.
:{{DIcon}} I hope your garden blooms and prospers.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Oh, flowers from a distant land... I promise I will cherish you and care for you.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' The two of you have given me such exotic flowers, and I too must repay you with things that are every bit as beautiful.
:'''Paimon:''' Heh, c'mon, you're making Paimon blush... But, uh, is this component the "thing as beautiful as a flower"?
:'''Cosanzeana:''' That's right! These components are both lovely and useful to the village, which is why I love them, and love collecting them! I look at them every day, and they make me very happy.
:'''Paimon:''' (Uh, you could call components "useful," but "beautiful"...?)
:{{DIcon}} (Y'know, Paimon, you find Mora beautiful.)
:'''Paimon:''' (Hehe, that's true. And looking at Mora every day does make Paimon super happy...)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' "Human lives are so hard," I thought, "so what do they see that makes them happy?" So I went to the human village, and there I saw all the beautiful flowers they had!
:'''Cosanzeana:''' If Merusea Village were to be filled with all those lovely flowers, I am sure everyone would be very happy.
:'''Cosanzeana:''' That's why I've decided to become a florist, one who will plant a lovely flower garden in our village! I will succeed, even if it means that I must give up some of my beautiful components and work as hard as humans do...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow. Paimon didn't realize how much you're willing to do for the flowers you love so much... Your sacrifices won't be in vain! Paimon, kind soul that she is, will continue helping you for sure!
:{{DIcon}} You could totally learn from her, you know...
:{{DIcon}} ...And make that Mora you love so much yourself...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, uh... Because Paimon's got you, the super kind-hearted {{Traveler}} around, Paimon only needs to do a liiittle bit of work!
;(Obtain {{Item|Strange Part|x=1}})

;(Talk with Cosanzeana again, optional)
:'''Cosanzeana:''' Ah, my flowers from a distant land~ May you grow quickly, tall may you stand~
----
;(Talk to Mamere after collecting four [[Strange Part]]s)
:'''Paimon:''' Mamere! We've collected a whole bunch of components. Will these do?
:'''Mamere:''' You've collected so many in such a short time... Amazing...
:'''Mamere:''' Guess that's what I should've expected from outlanders who've experienced lots of things and met lots of people!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, we've done this sorta thing loads of times, after all!
:'''Paimon:''' That said, how are we gonna use these components to fix Seymour?
:'''Mamere:''' Don't worry, just leave it to me. Things will be alright... just like Father said!
:{{Black Screen|She opens the immobile robot dog up along the slit in its back in a manner ill-befitting of repairs.<br>Then, she stuffs the scattered components on the ground into the dog seemingly without looking, as one might when well-practiced at one's job...}}
:{{Black Screen|With that done, she takes out a strange mechanical component from her pocket &mdash; it resembles an intricately-packaged candy with some indecipherable runes carved into it. She embeds this into the gear on the dog's head, and with a "clack," they come together...<br>Components of unknown purpose skitter across the ground. She picks them all up &mdash; they are as valuable as Mora in this place, after all.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Will... this really work? It might just be Paimon's imagination, but it feels like more components dropped than we collected in the first place...
:'''Paimon:''' On that note... The thing you pulled out a moment ago seems kinda different from those components...
:'''Mamere:''' This? Well, it's not a component. It's a token.
:'''Paimon:''' A token?
:'''Mamere:''' That's right. It was something we were all born with. Father said that if we put this in as well, we'd be able to cure Seymour...
:'''Paimon:''' Wait. You were born with it? Does that mean...
:'''Paimon:''' Actually, Paimon's not sure how Melusines are born in the first place!
:'''Mamere:''' I'm... not sure either, now that I'm considering it. But in my first memories, I had the token with me... That's how it is for everyone.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Then isn't it something really valuable to you?
:'''Mamere:''' Yes... "Tokens" are very important to us &mdash; they're different from ordinary components.
:'''Mamere:''' They were the first memento we received when we arrived in this beautiful world &mdash; they are proof that we are alive.
:'''Paimon:''' But if that's the case, why did you just use it like that...
:'''Mamere:''' Well, I didn't throw it away or anything... Seymour will be by my side, right? And he's this way because he tried to save me, so...
:'''Seymour:''' &mdash;
:'''Seymour:''' Relay module detected. Environment check... Contamination levels: High. Activating in Safe Mode.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! It suddenly moved!
:'''Seymour:''' Unidentified life forms detected... Related information entered. It is a pleasure to meet you, Ms. Mamere, and...
:'''Mamere:''' ...They're {{Traveler}} and Paimon.
:'''Seymour:''' You have entered this data previously. It is an honor to meet you, {{MC|m=noble Mr.|f=Ms.}} {{Traveler}}, and Paimon, the adorable little one.
:'''Seymour:''' {{MC|m=Thank you for your help in the previous altercation. I am Prototype 4ACV07. You may call me Seymour.|f=It was my honor to witness your elegant swordsmanship during the previous altercation, Miss. I am Prototype 4ACV07. You may call me Seymour.}}
:'''Seymour:''' Up till today, for {{tt|(1/7)×10^21|142,857,142,857,142,857,142.85714285714}} clockwork cycles, my functions were in hibernation, awaiting their awakening by my master, such that I may continue fulfilling my assignment.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Hibernation? Couldn't you talk normally before, though?
:'''Seymour:''' By "normal speech," you refer to my pre-configured automated responses, yes?
:'''Mamere:''' ...Huh?
:'''Seymour:''' Your observation is most sharp, almost comparable to that of my master. Previously, when you would bring my artificed clockwork relay module nearby, Ms. Mamere, my main voice unit would be automatically triggered.
:'''Paimon:''' An artificed clockwork relay module?
:{{DIcon}} Are you referring to her token?
:'''Seymour:''' I apologize, but I cannot answer your question. I do not understand the meaning of this "token" you refer to.
:'''Seymour:''' As such, I can make no judgment as to any relationship between this "token" and said artificed relay module.
:'''Seymour:''' Regardless, while hibernating, I would automatically play preset responses to specific situations to ensure that my voice-over units would work properly once energy supply was restored.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? In other words, you were just playing fixed lines before &mdash; is that what you mean?
:'''Seymour:''' Affirmative. Your understanding is completely correct, Paimon, as befits your elegance and wisdom.
:'''Seymour:''' A large amount of energy is required to operate my natural language processing unit. My logic unit actively shuts it off when power supply cannot be guaranteed so as to prevent complete loss of my functionality.
:'''Mamere:''' So that means...
:'''Mamere:''' So... All the things you said to me before were just... pre-written?
:'''Seymour:''' Affirmative. Your understanding is correct, Ms. Mamere. During my previous hibernation, our interactions were all performed through the playback of pre-recorded voice assets.
:'''Mamere:''' *sigh* I...
:'''Paimon:''' (Uh-oh...)
:'''Seymour:''' However, my visual and information processing modules were not shut off, so I do have the paintings you displayed in my memory unit.
:'''Seymour:''' I can recognize more than one hundred and three thousand, nine hundred different styles of art, but your work does not match any of them.
:'''Seymour:''' As such, I can reasonably infer that your art has unprecedented artistic value. I did not mention this before using my preset voice assets, so consider this appended to any previous related comments.
:'''Mamere:''' R&mdash;Really...?
:'''Seymour:''' Affirmative.
:'''Paimon:''' You see? The only reason people don't understand your art is because your style is too new and unique &mdash; so don't worry about it. They'll get it in the future for sure!
:'''Mamere:''' Th&mdash;Thank you, Seymour, Paimon... I was afraid that...
:'''Paimon:''' See, even Seymour says so. You've gotta believe in yourself, and believe in us too! We understand your paintings, and they are truly beautiful.
:'''Seymour:''' In any case, thank you all for your help in restoring my lost relay module. This way, I will be able to better fulfill my mission &mdash; protect my master.
:'''Paimon:''' By master, you mean Mamere? Is that why you suddenly activated to protect her when she was in danger?
:'''Seymour:''' Negative. I am infinitely grateful to her for taking care of me during my hibernation. However, she is not my master. My master is...
:'''Paimon:''' Is...?
:'''Seymour:''' I apologize. Some of my memories have suffered light damage. Inference, caused by previous damage. Unable to locate data related to "master."
:'''Seymour:''' Reason for previous emergency activation is unknown. That should not have happened. I must schedule logic unit maintenance.
:'''Mamere:''' Well... Why don't we have something to eat, Seymour? You've never eaten anything before. Maybe you'll figure something out once you've had your fill...
:'''Paimon:''' Not every problem can be solved by eating, you know! Just... most of them...
:'''Seymour:''' Estimated data damage: High. Attempting global search for relevant information. Searching last recorded segment.
:'''Seymour:''' Failure. Critical data damaged. Search procedure has been forcefully terminated.
:'''Paimon:''' Um, are you really okay? It feels like you're getting worse somehow...
:'''Seymour:''' Thank you for your concern, Ms. Paimon, but do not worry. I was merely running a self-diagnostic. I can confirm that everything is operating normall&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' Agh! What's going on?
:;(The screen flashes red and shakes)
:{{DIcon}} (It was accompanied by a quake this time...)
:'''Seymour:''' Warning. Extreme increase in environmental contamination detected.
:'''Seymour:''' For your safety, please leave this place to avoid irreversible damage.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... what kind of contamination are you talking about? What's going on?
:'''Mamere:''' Ah...
:'''Mamere:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon... Father says... it's dangerous, hurry...
:'''Paimon:''' F&mdash;Father again? Wait... what danger? What do we have to hurry and do?
:'''Mamere:''' The scattered Melusines. Danger... There's no time to explain. Please, help me!
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever the case, {{Traveler}}, Paimon has a real bad feeling about the quake just now. Maybe it has something to do with what Mamere was talking about. Let's get going!
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|An earthquake struck suddenly after Seymour's repairs were completed. According to Mamere, a crisis is underway and some Melusines are now in danger...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:;(Rifthounds spawn)
:'''Paimon:''' Wait a second! Why would these things be here!?
:'''Seymour:''' Hostile reactions detected. Threat assessment: intermediate. Seymour, entering sweeper mode. Please get behind me, Ms. Mamere.

;(Defeat the Rifthounds)
:'''Paimon:''' That's the monsters gotten rid of, but there's no Melusine in sight... Could she have gotten in trouble down there in the water? Let's go check, {{Traveler}}!

;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Paimon:''' Um, there really is nothing here... You sure this is the place?
:'''Mamere:''' It... It should be. Father couldn't be wrong...
:'''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon didn't expect that Seymour could dive...
:'''Seymour:''' Affirmative. I am equipped with the latest multi-use diving unit, with which I may always accompany my master and those composed of pure water, the...
:'''Glaisti:''' Huh? Mamere? What are you doing here?
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Where did you come from...
:'''Glaisti:''' Sorry! Did I scare you? Those monsters kinda just came jumping out of those glowing circles, so I hid in the cleft of the rocks...
:'''Paimon:''' It's all good as long as you're okay! Are you alone?
:'''Glaisti:''' No, there's a friend of mine who's been trapped over there...
:'''Glaisti:''' That child's name is Puca... Tall one, could I please ask you to rescue her?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to us.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes. Let's go!

;(Approach the trapped Melusine)
:'''Puca:''' Um... P&mdash;please, get away from me! I&mdash;I'm just a normal Melusine, and I'm not tasty at all! Even if you did eat me, it wouldn't fill your tummy!
:'''Paimon:''' No, silly! We're here to save you! We got rid of the monsters already. You're Puca, right?
:'''Puca:''' Um... Y&mdash;Yes?
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Who'd have thought that a Melusine could get caught in seagrass...
:'''Paimon:''' She's trapped there... Let's find some way to get rid of this seagrass!

;(Cut the seagrass)
:'''Glaisti:''' Thank you, tall person. Thank you, good-hearted [[Specter]]!
:'''Paimon:''' Hang on a sec, who're you calling a Specter? Paimon's Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}... Anyway, what was all that just now? Why are you two in a place like this?
:'''Puca:''' I don't know what happened earlier either. The ground suddenly started to shake, and those scary, scary monsters started to show up... *sob*
:'''Glaisti:''' Puca and I were here to pick up those beautiful stones. We've been here many times, and this never happened, nor have we ever seen those frightening creatures...
:'''Glaisti:''' So... I've been wanting to ask this, but why is Mamere here?
:'''Mamere:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Mamere brought us here.
:'''Glaisti:''' Huh? But how did you know we were here?
:'''Mamere:''' ...Father told me. He told me that you were in danger, and that I should ask {{Traveler}} and Paimon to come and save you...
:'''Puca:''' Father...?
:'''Glaisti:''' Ah, I see, so it was Father who asked you to come and save us... Thank you, Mamere!
:'''Paimon:''' (Eh? So you know who Father is, Glaisti?)
:'''Glaisti:''' (Um, no?)
:'''Paimon:''' (?)
:'''Glaisti:''' (Still, Mamere always talks to herself about how she is able to speak to "Father." I've always supposed that that's her imaginary friend &mdash; she's largely alone otherwise...)
:'''Puca:''' I don't know what's going on, but thank you all the same...
:'''Mamere:''' Don't thank me, I didn't do anything... Father's the one who told me what to do...
:'''Seymour:''' My apologies for interrupting, Ms. Mamere, Ms. Puca. Considering our surroundings, I suggest that we leave this place post-haste to avoid further attacks.
:'''Puca:''' Agh! Another dog appeared...!
:'''Glaisti:''' Calm down, Puca! This is the robotic dog Mamere picked up before, right?
:'''Glaisti:''' Hmm... It couldn't move before, though, could it?
:'''Seymour:''' A keen observation, Ms. Glaisti.
:'''Seymour:''' Regardless, my logic circuits recommend that we not tarry. Please allow me to escort you to a safe location. The contamination index here has exceeded the threshold of human tolerance.
:'''Paimon:''' Contamination index?
:{{DIcon}} (Could that be related to the hallucinations I saw earlier...?)
:'''Puca:''' A... safe place? So do we just need to go back home?
:'''Paimon:''' Yup! Paimon doesn't know what Seymour means by this "contamination index" stuff, but we might get attacked again if we stay here, so let's get you all home safe first!
:'''Glaisti:''' Got it. Thank you, Ms. Paimon! You've got a good heart!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, alright, let's go!

;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, so there was a village here too, huh?
:'''Puca:''' Yes. This place was closer to the ore veins, so...
:'''Glaisti:''' As for me, I'm here because it makes it easier to care for the injured animals in the area.
:'''Glaisti:''' Anyway, we should be safe once we reach home. Thank you, {{Traveler}}, Paimon!
:'''Glaisti:''' Thank you as well, Mamere! If it wasn't for you, we might've never made it back! Let's have tea next time we get the chance.
:'''Mamere:''' ...Um...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh come on, now's not the time to be shy!
:'''Mamere:''' I&mdash;I'm not shy! I'm just...
:'''Glaisti:''' Oh, never mind, I understand.
:'''Glaisti:''' In that case, we'll go back first. Thank you for escorting us, {{Traveler}}, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' See you! Stay safe!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, guess our rescue mission's done and dusted, eh?
:'''Mamere:''' Thank you for your help, and for being willing to trust me.
:'''Mamere:''' Otherwise, I wouldn't have known what to do when faced with those monsters...
:'''Seymour:''' {{MC|m=Negative. According to hypotheticals generated from previous data, milady, my sweeper mode would have been capable of negating the threat posed by those hostile lifeforms.|f=Affirmative. If not for this lady here, I would not have been able to eliminate those lifeforms so quickly.}}
:'''Seymour:''' {{MC|m=If not for this gentleman's help, however, I would not have eliminated them as quickly. Thank you for your aid.|f=However, hypotheticals generated from previous data indicate that my sweeper mode would have neutralized the threat posed by those hostile lifeforms, albeit requiring a longer period of time.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, {{Traveler}} and Paimon are well-seasoned adventurers, y'know! Still, what are these things doing inside Elynas?
:{{DIcon}} And they appeared alongside the quake, too.
::'''Mamere:''' I wonder how Father is doing...
:{{DIcon}} They're my least favorite monsters.
::'''Paimon:''' No wonder you were going at them that hard...
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of that, Paimon thought that Father was a secret only the Melusines knew about. Paimon didn't think that the other Melusines hadn't heard of him either...
:'''Mamere:''' That's right. No one can hear his voice, just like how no one can understand the paintings' contents.
:'''Mamere:''' They would think that I was talking to myself whenever I spoke to Father.
:'''Paimon:''' That's understandable...
:{{DIcon}} (That means that the voice I heard then was...)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, now that we've seen you repair Seymour and take us to help Puca and such, Paimon's sure that your Father must be a decent person!
:'''Mamere:''' Absolutely! He's the best in the world...
:;(The screen flashes red and everything begins to shake)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa! Everything's shaking again!
:'''Mamere:''' ...!
:'''Mamere:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon! Those monsters... They've appeared elsewhere...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh!?
:'''Mamere:''' This time, they've showed up where we were collecting paints previously...
:'''Paimon:''' You mean the place with the large house and the shipwreck?
:'''Paimon:''' It's a long way there from here...
:'''Mamere:''' Y&mdash;Yes, I know... Ohh, what should we do? If we don't make it in time...
:'''Seymour:''' There is no need to take the long way. We can ascend directly from here.
:'''Mamere:''' Eh? But there should be no path up there.
:'''Seymour:''' I have just completed a full scan of the surrounding areas.
:'''Seymour:''' We need only penetrate the layers of rock above us to reach Merusea Village directly. That will allow us to reach our destination in good time.
:'''Paimon:''' It's not that simple, y'know! What do you mean "need only penetrate the layers of rock above us"... How do we do that?
:'''Seymour:''' I detect a lack of faith in my functionalities, Ms. Paimon. Concern is unnecessary. My most advanced mining module can penetrate rock layers of this thickness.
:'''Seymour:''' {{MC|m=Noble Sir|f=Noble and lovely Lady}} {{Traveler}}, {{MC|m=please|f=I ask you to}} take me to the waters up above. I cannot maintain diving unit operation while my mining module is active.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, guess he can do that too, huh?

;(Approach the waters up above)
:'''Seymour:''' Mining module activated.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? You just smashed that to pieces...
:'''Mamere:''' You're... pretty strong, aren't you, Seymour? Actually, now's not the time to worry about that. C'mon, {{Traveler}}, Paimon, we need to get back quickly!

;(Approach the marked area in "A Lonely Place")
:'''Paimon:''' Look, {{Traveler}}! There's a bunch of monsters over there!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? And come to think of it, why are they all surrounding that rock...?

;(Defeat the rifthounds)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon feels like this rock's a bit weird... Maybe we should take a closer look first?

;(Destroy the ore)
:{{Black Screen|The prismatic resonance shatters the ore, and a Melusine unexpectedly falls out...<br>You rush over to help her up, and fortunately, she doesn't appear to be injured...}}
:'''Virda:''' Huh? Mamere? What are you doing here? And you are...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's Paimon, and {{MC|m=he|f=she}}'s {{Traveler}}. Mamere brought us here.
:'''Virda:''' Ah, is that so? Thank you all! My name is Virda, but just call me Vi. I'm an apprentice agent of the Marechaussee Phantom!
:'''Virda:''' Still, um, I didn't think I would get into this mess. How embarrassing...
:'''Paimon:''' An apprentice agent? Ooh, so you're with the authorities in Fontaine!
:'''Virda:''' Uh, no, no, it's a self-proclaimed title at the moment. One day, though, I'll be a proper agent, just like [[Sedile]]!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, so you can give yourself that title?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, what happened just now? Why did you end up hiding inside a rock?
:'''Virda:''' Eh? Did I do something like that? I don't remember.
:'''Virda:''' I just remember falling down while fleeing, but nothing else after that...
:'''Mamere:''' That... was Father protecting you.
:'''Virda:''' Father?
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, never mind that for now &mdash; even {{Traveler}} and Paimon don't know what that's about...
:'''Paimon:''' More importantly, are there any other Melusines trapped here?
:'''Virda:''' Hmm, I didn't see anyone else. I was doing special training alone here, after all...
:'''Virda:''' But I did catch sight of some humans I've never seen before... Might've been four of them?
:'''Mamere:''' Humans you've never seen before? What?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait just a sec. Did you come across [[Jakob|some purple guy]] and three people in red scarves?
:'''Virda:''' That's right! Are they your friends?
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, how should we explain this...
:{{Black Screen|You tell Virda about what happened before...}}
:'''Virda:''' Huh!? So that actually happened?
:'''Virda:''' Now that I think about it, they *were* behaving very suspiciously! *sigh* I guess I still have a lot to learn. Were Sedile in my shoes...
:{{DIcon}} Did you see which way they went?
:'''Virda:''' Yes! They were heading that way!
:'''Paimon:''' Alright then. Let's go after them, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Kaykaus:''' S&mdash;Sis! Why are these things still chasing us!?
:'''Irus:''' Do I look like I know, you numbskull? It's just bad luck&mdash; Agh, c'mon, are they seriously still coming!?
:'''Virda:''' Ah! It's those suspicious people! Stop! Don't run!
:'''Paimon:''' Be careful! Those things behind them are...
:'''Irus:''' Ugh, you're&mdash;! P&mdash;Please help! We'll pay you, I swear!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh oh, all those monsters are coming this way! Careful, {{Traveler}}!
:'''Seymour:''' Excess hostile reactions detected. Switching to purification mode. For your own safety, Ms. Mamere, please keep a certain distance.

;(Fight the rifthounds)
:'''Seymour:''' Threat level estimate: Medium. Please help me protect Ms. Mamere. As for disposing of the enemy creatures, leave that to me.

;(Defeat the first wave)
:'''Kaykaus:''' Sis, there's too many of them, I can't hold on any longer...
:'''Irus:''' Aaah! Useless little... Get back! Don't die in a place like this!

;(After defeating the rifthounds)
:'''Irus:''' Saved at last... Whoa, hey, hey, what are you doing?
:'''Virda:''' Arresting the masterminds behind the summoning of these creatures &mdash; what else?
:'''Kaykaus:''' W&mdash;Wait, we didn't do anything! We were just being chased by those monsters, honest!
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on? Tell us everything! Also, what about that purple guy... Where's [[Jakob]]?
:'''Virda:''' That's right, confess!
:'''Irus:''' *sigh* Whatever. Now that it's come to this, we might as well come clean. Just our luck, seriously... We should never have taken this job...
:'''Irus:''' That madman got us to bring him those red stones... Y'know, those you gathered previously. He said they'd be important.
:'''Paimon:''' Important for what?
:'''Irus:''' For whatever the heck he was going to do with them! He didn't tell us anything else. Just "get me the ores" &mdash; by [[Al-Ahmar]], we're mercs, not miners!
:'''Irus:''' And we did it for him, alright &mdash; for half a day we worked! And at the end of it, he didn't even pay us when we gave him his damned ores. He even started saying some... weird stuff!
:'''Irus:''' We hadn't even caught what he said before he took the fragments and left, dropping us like a sack of potatoes with a "useless," and a "I guess old ways are the best" &mdash; and no pay either!
:'''Irus:''' I was going to get even with that scoundrel, but he did some hand-sign and blabbered out... something in a language I didn't know. That's when those monsters appeared, and they chased us all the way here. Why, that scumbag...
:{{DIcon}} Did he summon the monsters at the other locations?
:'''Irus:''' What? What other locations are you talking about?
:'''Mamere:''' The same monsters appeared in areas around the village, and they're attacking Melusines wherever they find them!
:'''Irus:''' Wait... Did something like that happen? I didn't know, I swear! After leaving your place, that Jakob guy led us to the intersection up ahead. We didn't really delay...
:'''Paimon:''' So basically, he never told you anything except that you should go steal the paintings?
:'''Irus:''' Ugh, don't even bring it up... Never mind "telling" us anything &mdash; that charlatan didn't even "pay" us our deposit!
:'''Paimon:''' Why'd you work so hard for someone who doesn't even pay a deposit!?
:'''Mamere:''' Is it because... you thought he was handsome?
:'''Kaykaus:''' Oh, so you like purple, do you, Boss?
:'''Irus:''' What in the world are you talking about, you idiot? Of course not! How's that guy handsome, anyway &mdash; also, what kind of reason is "I like purple"!?
:'''Irus:''' Hmph! Well, he sure looked like he was in the Mora! I hoped that a little extra enthusiasm might get him to part with more of it, so I decided to waive his deposit...
:'''Paimon:''' And that's what you call a self-inflicted wound...
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh. Looks like we won't be able to get anything useful from these guys. How should we deal with them now...
:'''Virda:''' Hehe, don't worry, leave it to me. I'm not an official agent yet, but I can escort them back to the village and hand them over to Sedile, no problem!
:'''Irus:''' W&mdash;W&mdash;Wait just a moment! Aren't we victims too?
:'''Mamere:''' You...! You ransacked my house, hurt Seymour... and still, you claim to be victims...
:'''Virda:''' Hmph, that's right, that's&mdash; wait, whose house did they ransack?
:'''Paimon:''' Stop! That's not the main point!
:'''Virda:''' Exactly! To think that you'd even do something like that! Hmph, you're incorrigible! Come with me, now, and don't you dare resist!
:'''Irus:''' W&mdash;Wait! You're going after that guy, aren't you? We know where he's gone!
:'''Irus:''' Listen, he's headed towards the place where the giant rock is hanging. Y'know, over that way... If you give chase now, you could still catch him!
:'''Paimon:''' The place with a giant stone? Wait, you mean...
:'''Mamere:''' It's a warm place that makes people at ease...
:{{DIcon}} Why would you tell us this?
:{{DIcon}} Even so, we won't let you off so easy!
:'''Irus:''' Hey, even mercenaries know how to be picky about our employers! That self-serving, monster-summoning fraudster is no employer of mine, no matter how much he's offering!
:'''Irus:''' Not that he even paid us the deposit in the first place, I mean!
:;(Everything begins to shake again)
:'''Paimon:''' Aaaaah! Everything's shaking again!
:'''Kaykubad:''' Hey, Sis, do you think this earthquake could be...
:'''Irus:''' Crap. If more of those monsters show up... H&mdash;Hey, shorty, you wanted to arrest us, right? Quick, do it now! We surrender &mdash; unconditionally!
:'''Virda:''' Huh, that's more like it! Go reform yourselves at the [[Fortress of Meropide]] and learn to be useful to society!
:'''Paimon:''' Well... Guess we'll leave them to you. We'll get to the bottom of these quakes.
:'''Virda:''' Hmph. Alright, mercs, don't get any funny ideas, or the [[Maison Gardiennage]] are gonna show you what for!
:{{Black Screen|After disarming the mercenaries and tying their hands, Virda escorts them away.}}
:'''Paimon:''' So, uh, what are we supposed to do now, {{Traveler}}?
:;(The screen turns red)
:'''Mamere:''' ...Ugh!
:'''Paimon:''' Mamere? What's wrong? You don't look good at all...
:'''Mamere:''' No, it's not that... it's... Father...
:'''Mamere:''' It hurts... No... Why are you doing that...
:;(The screen glitches)
:{{DIcon}} ...I heard it too.
:'''Paimon:''' And you look just as horrible, {{Traveler}}! You heard something? What did you hear?
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine, but...
::{{DIcon}} We must hurry.
:::'''Mamere:''' That's right... There's no time...
::{{DIcon}} We're out of time.
:::'''Paimon:''' So we've gotta hurry... to the place where we collected the paints previously?
:::'''Mamere:''' Yes... Please, {{Traveler}}, Paimon... We have to get over there...
:'''Paimon:''' Even if you say that... Shouldn't you rest for a bit? You look like you're hurting all over...
:'''Mamere:''' Yes... It hurts... I've never... experienced anything like this before.
:'''Mamere:''' But I must go... Father must be suffering far more than I am...
:'''Mamere:''' Please... {{Traveler}} and Paimon. Please... take me there. To the place where we gathered high-purity ores earlier...
:'''Paimon:''' Okay. Let's go! There should be a shortcut we can take!
:;(The red overlay persists after dialogue ends)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/QQN1NUXcU_s
|caption1 = Guide: There Will Come Soft Rains
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = There Will Come Soft Rains
|zhs      = 细雨将至
|zhs_rm   = Xìyǔ Jiāngzhì
|zht      = 細雨將至
|zht_rm   = Xìyǔ Jiāngzhì
|zh_tl    = Soft Rains Approaching
|ja       = 小雨の予兆
|ja_rm    = Kosame no Yochou
|ja_tl    = A Sign of Light Rain
|ko       = 부드러운 비가 올 거야
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Se avecina lluvia
|es_tl    = Rain Is Coming
|fr       = La douce pluie imminente
|fr_tl    = The Imminent Soft Rain
|ru       = Собирается дождь
|ru_tl    = It's Going to Rain
|th       = สายฝนกำลังมาเยือน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cơn Mưa Sắp Đến
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Nieselregen kommt
|de_tl    = Drizzle Comes
|id       = Hujan Gerimis Segera Tiba
|id_tl    = The Light Rain is Coming Soon
|pt       = Chuva Iminente
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yağacak Hafif Yağmurlar
|tr_tl    = The Soft Rains That Will Fall
|tr_note  = It might also translate to "Fall, The Soft Rains Will"
|it       = Sono in arrivo pioggerelline
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}