{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19159
|image         = Hangout Event Thesis Defense Practice & The Remaining Problem.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Layla
|actNum        = I
|act           = Ever Silent Stars
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|requirement   = 
|prev          = The Helper
|characters    = Layla; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Thesis Defense Practice''''' is a quest in {{Quest|Ever Silent Stars}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the House of Daena to practice

==Gameplay Notes==
* The player will proceed to [[#Ending: A Matter of Course|Ending: A Matter of Course]] under the certain circumstances:
**Ask Layla regarding to the triple-orbit shift calculation. Additionally, the player will grant an {{Achievement|She's Already Tense}}
** Ask her about the quadruple-orbit shift calculation if Layla's Stress Value is reached to 3. However, the player will proceed to that ending even without granting the achievement.
*The player will proceed to [[#Ending: The Stars' Expectation|Ending: The Stars' Expectation]] after Layla's consciousness is fully-awakened (which her Stress Value is on maximum level). This ending is caused by the following scenarios:
**If the player asks her relating to the quadruple-orbit shift, regardless of her Stress Value is on 4.
**If the player asks her far from the topic.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Having obtained the device, Layla still wishes to practice for her upcoming thesis defense...}}

===Thesis Defense Practice===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon arriving at House of Deena)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' This seems like the best spot to do this. We'll need to be quiet so we don't disturb anyone.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' So here's what will happen during my thesis defense: after I present my thesis, the advisers sitting below will begin to ask questions.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Theoretically, I should be able to answer any questions related to my thesis.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' However, I tend to get really nervous when my advisers look at me, and I end up completely forgetting what I planned to say...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's why I want to rehearse and practice presenting my points in front of someone.
:{{DIcon}} So I'm playing the role of an academic adviser, right?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's right. You should have gotten the gist of the content in my thesis when I was explaining it earlier. So, ask away.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's okay if your questions are a little off. I'll still treat them as real questions from an adviser and answer seriously.
:{{DIcon}} Got it. You ready?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' W&mdash;Wait a moment!
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *deep breaths* Alright, Layla, you got this! You were able to explain everything earlier, so you can do it again...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright, ask away.

:{{DIcon}} Can you briefly describe the application of the law of triple-orbit shift calculation?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Sure. The direction of this research is based on the results of previous research. It's about the feasibility of applying my methodologies to the remaining triple-orbit problems.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Umm... based on a sample size of 124 cases, we could only achieve approximately 60 percent accuracy. The results were not reliable enough to be implemented as a law.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You can see the common traits of the erroneous samples on page three... Ah, excuse me, I mean from the starlogs in the appendix.
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's clear that in each of the erroneous samples, one of the stars underwent a significant shift. This means that...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 15.ogg}} '''Layla:''' We not only need to limit the number of stars, but we may also need to consider the degree of shift when applying triple-orbit shift algorithms...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 16.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Stars with greater shifts are often key in astrology readings. The next step of the research should be, uh... the next step should be to identify the feasible thresholds of shift for applying our calculations.
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])

:{{DIcon}} Could you talk about quadruple-orbit shift?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 17.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? Uh, um...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 18.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (I doubt they'd ask about something so irrelevant!)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 19.ogg}} '''Layla:''' The differences are considerable and the astrological effects are entirely different... We need to consider how the effects offset and, um...
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 20.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm sorry, I'm not very knowledgeable in that area.
:;(If Stress Value is at 3)
::;(Stress Value +1)
::;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:;(If Stress Value is at 4)
::;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])

:{{DIcon}} Do you know about "The Great Machine"?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 21.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Huh? No, wh&mdash;what is that?
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 22.ogg}} '''Layla:''' (Is this something that I didn't prepare for at all!? You've gotta be joking!)
::{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 23.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I, um... uhh...
:;(If Stress Value is at 3)
::;(Stress Value +1)
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])

====Branch 1====
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 24.ogg}} '''Layla:''' And that's my answer to your question. D&mdash;Do you have any other questions?
:{{Black Screen|Despite a few stumbles here and there, Layla successfully manages to answer all the questions.}}
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 25.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Phew... we're finally done.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 26.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm gonna need more practice. I can feel myself getting flustered, and I start to stumble whenever I'm asked questions that I'm unfamiliar with.
:{{DIcon}} Your presentation could use some work, but I can tell that your logic is sound.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 27.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, really? You mean it?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 28.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm, then this practice must be helping. During my first thesis defense, I stood like a statue on the stage, and my palms were covered in sweat. I couldn't get a single word out.
:{{DIcon}} It seems we've managed to address all the major challenges for you.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 29.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I didn't even realize it, but you're right. It doesn't seem like there's anything holding me back now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 30.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I guess that means I'm capable of completing the thesis all on my own...?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 31.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I can hardly believe it! Th&mdash;This is amazing!
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 32.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, I'm sorry... it's just that I'm really excited. This is the first time this has happened, really! I'm so happy.
:{{DIcon}} You worked hard to reach this point. You don't need to rely on others anymore.
;(Stress Value &minus;2)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 33.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hehe...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 34.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm not sure how to put this... I'm really happy about everything that's happened, but I'm also feeling a little sad.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 35.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I still don't know anything about the blessing from the stars. Will it never happen again since I don't need its help anymore?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 36.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It somehow makes me feel a little... lonely.
:{{DIcon}} Lonely?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 37.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Yeah, it almost makes the blessing feel like it was just a tool used for my studies, no?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 38.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But I would really like to discover what the blessing actually is, if I ever get the chance... I want to express my gratitude for it, or better yet, maybe we could be friends!
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 39.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's basically how I feel about it... Even if I know nothing about the blessing, I could still feel its companionship all along.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 40.ogg}} '''Layla:''' It's almost like how you helped me &mdash; I really cherish and appreciate it. After all, it wouldn't be right to take such "blessings" for granted in our lives.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure "it" will also be very happy to know you feel this way.
;(Stress Value &minus;1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 41.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's good. I hope it's a little more satisfied with the way I am now, hehe.
;(Obtain {{Item|"The Arrayed Stars Mirrored"}})
;(Proceed [[#Ending: A Matter of Course|Ending: A Matter of Course]])

====Branch 2====
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 42.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Uh, about this question... I, umm...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 43.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm sorry, I'm not feeling very well. Everything is... spinning...
:{{DIcon}} Are you okay!?
;(Stress Value +1)
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 44.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Ugh... Hm?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 45.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm sorry, I haven't been sleeping very well lately. I tend to get dizzy from time to time, but don't worry, I'm fine now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 46.ogg}} '''Layla:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 47.ogg}} '''Layla:''' What's wrong?
:{{DIcon}} I'm waiting for you to answer my question.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 48.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, sorry! Can you please repeat the question? I didn't hear you clearly just now.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think it's an issue of whether or not you heard me.
:{{DIcon}} You speak very differently from the Layla I know.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 49.ogg}} '''Layla:''' *sigh* Alright, I guess the cat's out of the bag. Of all the times to wake up...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 50.ogg}} '''Layla:''' You're Layla's friend, right? And from the looks of things, the two of you are preparing for her thesis defense?
:{{DIcon}} Yep. And you must be the "blessing from the stars."
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 51.ogg}} '''Layla:''' With her long-term sleep deprivation, whenever her anxiety peaks, she loses consciousness and I take over.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 52.ogg}} '''Layla:''' However, her unpredictable and varying sleep patterns are completely out of my control, so I have to make every second count.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 53.ogg}} '''Layla:''' There's no one willing to help her here, so I have to step in.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 54.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I am rather curious about you, though. Why are you trying to help her?
:{{DIcon}} Well, she's finally decided to face the problems with her thesis head-on, and she's working very hard on it.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 55.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Really? That's great. You're helping with all the things that I used to do for her.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 56.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Seems like you've given her a boost of confidence with your encouragement.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1915902 layla 57.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Now, then... I can't really help her prepare for the thesis defense, so I'll be leaving some notes behind instead. You'll have to give them to her later.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 01.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Okay, I should get started on those notes. If there's anything you're curious about, you may go ahead and ask now. I can answer you as I write! I'm used to multi-tasking.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 02.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Oh, and I have to ask a favor. When you give the notes to her later, please don't tell her about my existence.
:{{DIcon}} Why's that?
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 03.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hmm, well, she's always been in a fragile state. If she knew that there was another "Layla" who's always taking care of everything...
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 04.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She might feel like everything she's ever worked for is pointless, and that could lead to some demoralizing thoughts.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 05.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She's a resilient girl, but no matter how resilient she may be, no one can hold up to criticism and torment from themselves.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 06.ogg}} '''Layla:''' If her condition grows any worse, it's possible that I might cease to exist as well. Then there wouldn't be anyone to help her.
:{{DIcon}} But she's not doing very well now, either.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 07.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She's getting better, though, isn't she? It's apparent how hard she's working now.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 08.ogg}} '''Layla:''' She's my source of knowledge. I'm merely the representation of how she would be if she were rested and healthy.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 09.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I believe that she's one of the best, even in a place like the Akademiya, where geniuses come by the handful.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 10.ogg}} '''Layla:''' But growth is a process and shouldn't be rushed. I will always believe in and support her.
:{{DIcon}} It's good that she has you, or she might've already hit rock bottom.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 11.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Hahaha, believe me, even if she were to end up at rock bottom, she'd find a way to somehow laugh it off as one of her silly mistakes and climb her way out.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 12.ogg}} '''Layla:''' That's the kind of person she is.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 13.ogg}} '''Layla:''' Alright, I've written down all the possible questions that I think the advisers might ask. Next, I'll put together a few words of encouragement for her.
:{{A|vo lylcop001 1916002 layla 14.ogg}} '''Layla:''' I'm not going to sign it, obviously. Oh, and don't forget about our agreement.
;(Obtain {{Item|"The Arrayed Stars Mirrored"}})
;(Proceed to [[#Ending: The Stars' Expectation|Ending: The Stars' Expectation]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: A Matter of Course ===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = A Matter of Course
|character       = Layla
|act             = 1
|description     = Natural yet incredible, the unfolding of events will be etched in her memories for a long time to come...
}}

===Ending: The Stars' Expectations ===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Stars' Expectations
|character       = Layla
|act             = 1
|description     = They will never meet, but "she" will always walk alongside her.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Thesis Defense Practice
|zhs     = 答辩训练
|zhs_rm  = Dábiàn Xùnliàn
|zhs_tl  = Dissertation Defense Practice
|zht     = 口試訓練
|zht_rm  = Kǒushì Xùnliàn
|zht_tl  = Oral Exam Practice
|ja      = 論文の答弁練習
|ja_rm   = Ronbun no Touben Renshuu
|ja_tl   = Thesis Defense Practice
|ko      = 논문 심사 준비
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Practicando para el gran día
|es_tl   = Practicing for the Big Day
|fr      = L'art de la soutenance de thèse
|fr_tl   = The Art of Thesis Defense
|ru      = Тренировка защиты
|ru_tl   = Defense Practice
|th      = ฝึกซ้อมสอบวิทยานิพนธ์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tập Luyện Bảo Vệ Luận Văn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Disputationsübung
|de_tl   = Disputation Practice
|id      = Latihan Sidang Skripsi
|id_tl   = Thesis Defense Practice
|pt      = Treinamento para Defesa de Tese
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tez Savunması Hazırlığı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ripasso generale per la tesi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}