{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Story Quest Amber A1 They Call Him Raptor.png
|id            = 00484
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lepus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|character     = Amber
|description   = During the exam, you were mistaken for the thief [[Raptor]] by [[Otto]], a Knight of Favonius, and were stopped. After clearing the misunderstanding, you volunteer to help arrest Raptor &mdash; and so begins the chase.
|startLocation = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Mondstadt Glider
|next          = Outrider Style
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 6,175
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|3}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Amber;Farrah;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''They Call Him Raptor''' is the fourth part of [[Amber]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Lepus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Wind, Courage, and Wings]].

==Steps==
# Track [[Raptor]]
# Look for clues to track Raptor (0/3)
# Investigate the strange sound up ahead
#* {{Enemy|Hilichurl|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard|x=1}}
# Talk to [[Farrah]]
# Look for Raptor
# Defeat the ambush
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Cryo Potioneer|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout|x=2}}
# Look for the marks left by Raptor

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(Reaching the rendezvous point)
:{{A|vo ablq004 2 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' This is Springvale. There must be some clues about Raptor 'round here.
:{{A|vo ablq004 2 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The Sister from the Cathedral put some secret Anemo markings on the artifact he took.
:{{A|vo ablq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Use your {{Color|buzzword|Elemental Sight}} and keep your eyes peeled for clues.

----

;(Interacting with the Broken-off Branch)
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 paimon 01c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh... Hey! What do you think this is?
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 ambor 03c.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It looks like a broken tree branch.
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 paimon 01c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows! It's from a frame of a wind glider! Therefore–
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 ambor 03c 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' There are no elemental traces on it.
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 ambor 03c 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...It looks like it's just a plain old tree branch.

;(Interacting with the Fabric Piece)
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 ambor 03b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hmm... a strip of cloth with Anemo markings on.
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 ambor 03b 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Looking at the design and the way it's woven, there's a good chance it came from a wind glider.
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Wow, Outriders have to be textile experts now!? It's a harder job than Paimon thought.
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 ambor 03b 2.ogg}} '''Amber''' If this really belongs to Raptor, it must mean his wind glider is broken.

;(Interacting with Elemental Mark)
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... How do we know if this was left by Raptor or an Anemo Slime?
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 ambor 03a.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Anemo Slimes are airborne creatures. They don't leave marks on the ground, unless someone stomped on one to take-off.
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...People actually do that!?
:{{A|vo ablq004 3 ambor 03a 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Either way, let's make a mental note of these markings. They're very clear.

:{{A|vo ablq004 4 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It appears that the elemental markings point this way.
:{{A|vo ablq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. Well... D'you think he ran off ahead?
:{{A|vo ablq004 4 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' There's only one way to find out!
:{{A|vo ablq004 4 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' C'mon (Traveler), we should keep following the markings.
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, what's that? Looks like something's going on up ahead...
:{{A|vo ablq004 4 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It sounds like there's a battle going on – could that be Raptor?
:{{A|vo ablq004 4 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Quick, let's keep going!

----

;(Talk to Farrah)
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 01.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' Thank goodness, the Knights of Favonius have arrived! The hilichurls won't dare pursue me any longer...
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' What happened?
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 02.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' I can't believe it but... the hilichurls attacked our carts. Luckily I outran them.
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hilichurls? But I thought the Knights of Favonius had cleared out most of the hilichurl camps around these parts?
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 03.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' It's a small camp not too far from the village. The route I take on my delivery runs ensures I steer clear of it.
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 04.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' But today... some crazy fellow suddenly fell out of the sky and landed right in the camp!
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Now who does that remind me of...
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 05.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' It really riled them up. They chased the funny-looking fellow as he fled, which brought them out into the open.
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 06.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' I managed to get away, but they smashed my fruit carts to smithereens. I don't know what I'm gonna do when the merchant caravan gets here tomorrow–
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...Funny-looking? In what way?
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 07.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' He was holding onto something. Must've been heavy, because he couldn't glide in a straight line to save his life... Maybe that's why he fell.
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 08.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' Honestly, people like that shouldn't be allowed in the skies. It doesn't take a genius to know you're not supposed to carry heavy objects while gliding! I'm gonna report that idiot and make sure he gets his license revoked!
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Heavy object... The artifact? This could well be our guy.
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Tell me, did you see which way he went?
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 farrah 09.ogg}} '''Farrah:''' I managed to catch a glimpse as I ran from the hilichurls. I think he went... that way.
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Seems like a strong lead. (Traveler), on with the chase!
:{{A|vo ablq004 5 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh, and don't worry – as soon as I get back I'll tell the Knights to mop up the rest of the hilichurls as soon as possible.

----

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo ablq004 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Apart from the hilichurls, there's a bunch of funny-looking people too!
:{{A|vo ablq004 6 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Judging from the type of wind gliders they've got, I'd say this lot is with Raptor.
:{{A|vo ablq004 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if that's the case, what are they hanging around here for?
:{{A|vo ablq004 6 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I wonder... Well, this measly bunch can't slow us down, that's for sure.
:{{A|vo ablq004 6 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But we also haven't found the artifact – which means, Raptor still has it on him.
:{{A|vo ablq004 6 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...Forget these guys. C'mon (Traveler), let's keep following the elemental markings.

----

;(After following the marks left by Raptor)
:{{A|vo ablq004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, look where we are...
:{{DIcon}} There are no more elemental markings ahead.
:{{A|vo ablq004 7 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The elemental power on the artifact must have worn off.
:{{A|vo ablq004 7 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Raptor must have realized the markings would give away his position, and sent his minions to slow us down.
:{{A|vo ablq004 7 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That way, when the effect wears off, he can make his escape.
:{{A|vo ablq004 7 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' He won't get away with this! After him!
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = They Call Him Raptor
|zhs     = 那家伙叫「怪鸟」
|zhs_rm  = Nà Jiāhuo Jiào "Guài Niǎo"
|zht     = 那傢伙叫「怪鳥」
|zht_rm  = Nà Jiāhuo Jiào "Guài Niǎo"
|zh_tl   = That Guy Is Called "Strange Bird"
|ja      = アイツの名は「怪鳥」
|ja_rm   = Aitsu no Na wa "Kaichou"
|ja_tl   = His name is "Mysterious Bird"
|ko      = 녀석의 이름은 「괴조」
|ko_rm   = Nyeoseok-ui Ireum-eun "Goejo"
|ko_tl   = His name is "Monstrous Bird"
|es      = Le llaman “Ave Rapaz”
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = On l'appelle le « Rapace ».
|fr_tl   = He is called the "Raptor".
|ru      = Его называют Птеродактилем
|ru_tl   = They Call Him Pterodactyl
|th      = พวกเขาเรียกหมอนั่นว่า Raptor
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tên Hắn Là "Quái Điểu"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das ist ein „komischer Vogel“
|de_tl   = That is a "Weird Bird"
|id      = Mereka Memanggilnya Raptor
|id_tl   = They Call Him Raptor
|pt      = Eles o chamam de "Raptor"
|pt_tl   = They Call Him "Raptor"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}
[[es:Le llaman "Ave Rapaz"]]