{{Location Infobox
|image        = Third-Round Knockout.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Sea of Clouds
|subarea      = Liyue Harbor
|poi          = Chihu Rock
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>{{If Self|Third-Round Knockout|It|Third-Round Knockout}} is a tavern owned by [[Degui]]. [[Zhiruo]] is a waitress there, while [[Iron Tongue Tian]] works there as a story teller.</p>}}

==NPCs==
===Staff===
* [[Degui]] &mdash; Boss and Owner ''(Daytime)''
* [[Iron Tongue Tian]] &mdash; Storyteller
* [[Zhiruo]] &mdash; Waitress ''(Daytime)''

===Customers===
* [[Jiangzhou]] ''(Nighttime)''
* [[Uncle Gao]] ''(Nighttime)''
* [[Uncle Sun]] ''(Nighttime)''

==Trivia==
* According to [[Xu Liushi]], a sailor aboard the ''[[Alcor]]'', the name "Third-Round Knockout" stems from an incident in which he got drunk after having three bowls of the tavern's specialty, wine-fermented sweet rice balls. Before then, the tavern had no name.
* The tavern's name in Chinese ({{zh|s=三碗不过港|t=三碗不過港|rm=Sānwǎn Bùguògǎng}}) is likely a reference to a very famous and iconic story in {{w|Water Margin|The Water Margin}} ({{zh|s=水浒传|t=水滸傳}}), one of China's "Four Great Classical Novels". In that story, Wu Song, a fugitive who was traveling back to his hometown to find his older brother, took a rest at a tavern called "After Three Bowls, Do Not Cross the Ridge" ({{zh|s=三碗不过岗|t=三碗不過崗|rm=Sānwǎn bùguò gǎng}}), because the wine there was very strong. He took this as a challenge and drank eighteen bowls of wine. When Wu Song was about to leave, the owner warned him there's a tiger on the ridge, he didn't believe it however. He then encountered the tiger for real, fought it and killed it with his bare hands. The story is known as "Wu Song beats a tiger ({{zh|武松打虎|rm=Wǔ Sōng dǎ hǔ}})".
* This establishment appears to be a favorite of [[Zhongli]]'s. He is found there in his character demo and numerous quests in which he appears.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Third-Round Knockout
|zhs     = 三碗不过港
|zhs_rm  = Sānwǎn Bùguògǎng
|zht     = 三碗不過港
|zht_rm  = Sānwǎn Bùguògǎng
|zh_tl   = After Three Bowls, Do Not Cross the Harbor
|ja      = 三杯酔
|ja_rm   = Sanbai-yoi<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Guizhong (Quest)|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Drunk After Three Bowlfuls
|ko      = 세 {{tt|대포|大砲}} {{tt|주점|酒店}}
|ko_tl   = Three Cannon Bar
|es      = Los Tres Cuencos
|es_tl   = The Three Bowls
|fr      = Trois Bolées du Port
|fr_tl   = Three Bowlfuls of the Harbor
|ru      = Три чашки в порту
|ru_tl   = Three Cups in the Port
|th      = Third-Round Knockout
|vi      = Ba Cốc Say Mèm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Dreibecherrausch
|de_tl   = Three Cup Intoxication
|id      = Third-Round Knockout
|pt      = Nocaute da Terceira Rodada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Üç Rauntta Nakavt
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Tre ciotole
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Los Tres Cuencos]]
[[ja:三杯酔]]
[[pt-br:Nocaute de Terceira Rodada]]