{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission This Novel Seems... Problematic?.png
|npc           = Junkichi
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = Supporting [[Shigeru]]'s opinion in [[Is This Novel Amazing?]]
|prev          = Is This Novel Amazing?
|next          = Storytelling Method
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Completing both this commission and [[This Novel Seems... Problematic?]] will grant achievement [[Editorial Opinion]]
|characters    = Traveler; Junkichi; Shigeru; Paimon
}}
'''''This Novel... Seems Familiar?''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Visit Shigeru and Junkichi
#Collect three light novels that meet the requirements (0/3)
#*Investigate bookshelves at the [[Yae Publishing House]] for three quest items: [[The Sage Aetolia Will Die Tomorrow]], [[Literature Club]], [[The Honest Cat's Little Lie]]
#Show Shigeru the correct light novel
#*The correct light novel is ''Literature Club''

==Gameplay Notes==
*Players who wish to show Shigeru and Junkichi all the books should submit the novel ''Literature Club'' '''last''', as submitting ''Literature Club'' ends the quest.
*''The Sage Aetolia Will Die Tomorrow'' and ''The Honest Cat's Little Lie'' can be submitted multiple times before submitting ''Literature Club''. Dialogue is unchanged.
*Completing both this commission and [[This Novel Seems... Problematic?]] will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Editorial Opinion]]''.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Junkichi, a writer at the Yae Publishing House, seems to be having a problem he's never encountered before...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Shigeru or Junkichi)
:'''Junkichi:''' I'm done! I don't care how much you beg! I quit being a writer!
:'''Shigeru:''' Archons... This is the seventh time you've threatened me with a strike... and not once was it a serious threat.
:{{DIcon}} What are you guys fighting about this time...
:'''Junkichi:''' You're finally here, Traveler! You have to help me!
:'''Junkichi:''' He's been going overboard ever since you took his side the last time. He's been laying down dozens of rules for me!
:'''Junkichi:''' From naming to plot design. He wants to make a set of... writing standards!
:'''Junkichi:''' How am I supposed to write like this!? Why doesn't he just write it then!?
:'''Shigeru:''' These are principles of writing that I've extracted from successful novels. They are tried and true guidelines.
:'''Junkichi:''' That's imposing the formula of other novels onto my work. Am I writing my own novel, or am I copying someone else's?
:'''Junkichi:''' I would never write so rigidly... If you want something like that, you should write it yourself!
:'''Junkichi:''' Besides, aren't there already a lot of these novels rotting away in the Yae Publishing House?
:'''Shigeru:''' That's just poor marketing, not the novel itself...
:'''Junkichi:''' It had nothing to do with the sales strategy. It's purely because of the way those authors wrote their novels.
:'''Junkichi:''' You may not know them all, but I, as an author, have read every book published by the Yae Publishing House.
:'''Junkichi:''' Traveler, could you get some novels for me? Shigeru and I need to have an important discussion.
:{{DIcon}} I've got you.
:;(Dialogue ends)
:{{DIcon}} What novels should I bring?
::'''Junkichi:''' Just bring me the novels that I keep around. I often use them as a warning to myself... of what not to write.

;(Talk to Shigeru or Junkichi again)
:'''Junkichi:''' Traveler, could you get some novels for me? Shigeru and I need to have an important discussion.
:'''Shigeru:''' Hmph. If I let him write however he pleases, he will ruin the novels for sure.
----
;(Upon picking up [[The Sage Aetolia Will Die Tomorrow]])
:'''Paimon:''' This is "The Sage Aetolia Will Die Tomorrow." Well, the name's certainly long and impressive...
;(Upon picking up [[Literature Club]])
:'''Paimon:''' This book's called "Literature Club." A surprisingly concise title...
;(Upon picking up [[The Honest Cat's Little Lie]])
:'''Paimon:''' This one's "The Honest Cat's Little Lie"... Such an unclear name. What kinda story is this?
----
;(Talk to Junkichi)
:'''Junkichi:''' Traveler, did you bring those novels? Let's have a look.
;(Item submission screen opens)

;(After submitting [[The Honest Cat's Little Lie]])
::'''Shigeru:''' I remember this one. This suspense novel was popular for a long time, wasn't it?
::'''Shigeru:''' The reason for its success is because of the clever mysteries and plot structure.
::'''Shigeru:''' Although many readers have said that part of the plot is impossible to follow, the author still stuck to their own principles.
::'''Junkichi:''' That's why this novel stands out from other suspense novels.
::'''Shigeru:''' But doesn't this novel also have a solid setting? A solid setting that isn't easily altered is the key to support the plot of this sort of suspense novel.
::'''Junkichi:''' Uh... well... Traveler, do we have any other books here...
:;(Dialogue ends)
;(After submitting [[The Sage Aetolia Will Die Tomorrow]])
::'''Shigeru:''' I think this novel has the same fantasy background as "Onibudou"...
::'''Junkichi:''' Yes. The setting in this novel is very popular. The author even wrote a book just about the details of the world, and that one sold like hotcakes!
::'''Shigeru:''' However, the features of the setting are presented to the reader from the very beginning and more aren't added in halfway through. Plus, it's all very relevant to the plot.
::'''Junkichi:''' Uh... well... Traveler, do we have any other books here...
:;(Dialogue ends)
;(After submitting [[Literature Club]])
:'''Shigeru:''' How about this one, then? I remember its writing was excellent and its plot was well-designed. It was highly praised by the editors. Also, its sales were excellent.
:'''Junkichi:''' ...Was it, though?
:'''Junkichi:''' It was so caught up with the rigid plot and setting that it didn't have any room for expansion in the story. In the end, it just became repetitive.
:'''Junkichi:''' It gradually lost readers because it lacked fresh stories. In the end, it lost all of its readers and fizzled out ignominiously.
:'''Junkichi:''' Whether it's the setting or the plot, if you put yourself inside a box, all your stories will look the same. You'll stagnate.
:'''Junkichi:''' I don't want my novel to be like that! The most important thing a story should have is life!
:'''Junkichi:''' If... if the author himself is not interested in his own story, how can he make the reader feel the same passion?
:'''Junkichi:''' Shigeru!
:'''Shigeru:''' ...I see.
:'''Shigeru:''' I didn't know that you thought so much about these things. No wonder you wrote a novel like "[[Onibudou]]."
:'''Shigeru:''' I don't want to limit your creativity, but I've seen too many authors ruin their work because of their excessive imagination...
:'''Shigeru:''' Junkichi, what do you think of creativity as a writer?
:'''Junkichi:''' I believe that it's the desire to create. A writer who has no desire to create won't be able to write words that attract readers.
:'''Shigeru:''' In my opinion, it's more important still for a writer to exercise restraint in expressing that creative desire.
:{{DIcon}} You two still can't reach a consensus...
:{{DIcon}} I guess he is not convinced...
:'''Junkichi:''' Shigeru, I...
:'''Shigeru:''' But I'm not the author of this novel. You are. I'm just an editor who needs to help you finish it.
:'''Shigeru:''' If you insist on your ideas, then create them as you wish.
:'''Shigeru:''' I can't say that I agree with you. But I will try to understand you.
:'''Junkichi:''' Ah... thank you, Shigeru!
:'''Shigeru:''' You're welcome. Of course, I get where you're coming from. But you need to understand my position, too. For example...
:'''Junkichi:''' Uh, what is it?
:'''Shigeru:''' For example, it's been another day, where is your manuscript!?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/i-tLgu5HT9w
|caption1 = "Editorial Opinion" Achievement
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = This Novel... Seems Familiar?
|zhs     = 这本小说…好像看过？
|zhs_rm  = Zhè Běn Xiǎoshuō... Hǎoxiàng Kànguò?
|zht     = 這本小說…好像看過？
|zht_rm  = Zhè Běn Xiǎoshuō... Hǎoxiàng Kànguò?
|zh_tl   = This Novel... I Seem to Have Read It.
|ja      = この小説…読んだことあるかも？
|ja_rm   = Kono Shousetsu... Yonda Koto Aru ka mo?
|ja_tl   = This Novel... Might Have Been Read Before?
|ko      = 이 소설… 어디서 본 것 같은데?
|ko_rm   = I Soseol... Eodiseo Bon Geot Gateunde?
|ko_tl   = This Novel... Seems Familiar?
|es      = Esta novela me suena
|es_tl   = This Novel is Familiar to Me
|fr      = Un roman... familier&nbsp;?
|fr_tl   = A... Familiar Novel?
|ru      = Этот роман... выглядит знакомо?
|ru_tl   = This Novel... Seems Familiar?
|th      = นิยายเล่มนี้...ดูเหมือนจะเคยอ่านมาแล้ว?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = This Novel... Seems to be Read Already?
|vi      = Hình Như Đã Đọc Tiểu Thuyết Này Rồi?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Dieser Roman&nbsp;... Kommt er dir bekannt vor?
|de_tl   = This Novel... Does it seem Familiar to You?
|id      = Novel Ini... Kok Familier Sekali?
|id_tl   = This Novel... Why is it So Familiar?
|pt      = Esse Romance... Parece Familiar?
|pt_tl   = That Novel... Seems Familiar?
|tr      = Bu Roman... Tanıdık Geldi mi?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Questo romanzo... sembra familiare?
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|In Series}}