{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission This Novel Seems... Problematic?.png
|npc           = Shigeru
|characters    = Hasegawa; Junkichi; Rie; Shigeru; Traveler; Yuzu
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|requirement   = Supporting Junkichi's opinion in [[Is This Novel Amazing?]]
|prev          = Is This Novel Amazing?
|next          = Storytelling Method
|other         = *AR-Dependent Rewards
* Completing both this commission and [[This Novel... Seems Familiar?]] will grant achievement [[Editorial Opinion]]
}}
'''''This Novel Seems... Problematic?''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
#Visit [[Shigeru]] and [[Junkichi]]
#Ask [[Yuzu]]'s opinion
#Ask [[Hasegawa]]'s opinion
#Ask for [[Rie]]'s opinion
#Report the results to Shigeru

==Gameplay Notes==
*Completing both this commission and [[This Novel... Seems Familiar?]] will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Editorial Opinion]]''.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Shigeru]], an editor at the [[Yae Publishing House]], seems to be facing an unprecedented crisis.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Shigeru or Junkichi)
:'''Shigeru:''' Have you read the reader feedback? Our reviews have been plummeting lately!
:'''Junkichi:''' Don't worry. This is just the calm before the grand climax!
:'''Junkichi:''' When the key plot point gets revealed, we'll see a real turnaround in those reviews!
:'''Shigeru:''' And what good is that if your novel gets axed long before you get there?
:{{DIcon}} What's going on?
:'''Shigeru:''' Traveler, thank goodness you're here.
:'''Shigeru:''' Junkichi has been adding a lot more wild abilities to the main character, in "[[Onibudou]]." It's just been one thing after another ever since that "inspiration trip" of his.
:'''Shigeru:''' [[Yae Publishing House]] has received a lot of negative feedback from readers who say they don't understand why these abilities are appearing. They think that the author isn't taking the story seriously.
:'''Junkichi:''' They don't know what they're talking about. I'll just keep writing, they'll get it at some point...
:'''Shigeru:''' Like I was saying, your novel will get axed before you can get to that point!
:'''Shigeru:''' Oh, whatever... From what I recall, there are a few readers of "Onibudou" around this area...
:'''Shigeru:''' Why don't you go and ask them if your idea has legs or not?
:'''Junkichi:''' Fine! I'm sure they'll get it, anyway. Traveler, come with me. I'll need a witness!
:'''Shigeru:''' Yes, that sounds good. Bring the Traveler with you. That way, you can't deny what they say later.
:{{DIcon}} Let's do this.
:'''Junkichi:''' Okay, let's get going. I'm sure my readers will understand me!
:{{DIcon}} How much feature creep is there, anyway?
:'''Junkichi:''' Just... just a bit.
:'''Shigeru:''' "A bit"? The main character will soon have more abilities than every other character in the story combined!
:'''Junkichi:''' Ahem! Let's get going. I'm sure my readers get it!

;(Talk to Shigeru again)
:'''Shigeru:''' Traveler, I'm counting on you. Please record their opinions honestly!
----
;(Talk to Yuzu)
:'''Yuzu:''' Hello, what is it?
:{{DIcon}} Hello there. Have you read "Onibudou," by any chance?
:'''Yuzu:''' Huh? I have and I liked it, but... How should I put it? The plot seems a little strange lately.
:'''Yuzu:''' The main character is constantly getting new abilities and can immediately defeat the enemy with them.
:'''Yuzu:''' I liked "Onibudou" because of the clever methods the main character used to defeat his enemies, but now... it feels like the author is just being lazy.
:'''Yuzu:''' Also, most of the abilities the main character gets are only used once. It makes the story seem so... flippant.
:'''Yuzu:''' I really don't know what the author is thinking...
:'''Junkichi:''' Ahem... well... let's ask a few more people, shall we? This has got to be an odd case...
----
;(Talk to Hasegawa)
:'''Hasegawa:''' Hello, is there anything I can help you with?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, there is. Have you ever read "Onibudou"?
:'''Hasegawa:''' Yes, I have! It's a very interesting novel. The characters and the plot are wonderful.
:'''Hasegawa:''' But... I feel like the author has been slacking off a bit lately.
:'''Junkichi:''' Uh... Um...
:'''Hasegawa:''' There are all these new powers that suddenly appear without having ever been referenced before.
:'''Hasegawa:''' Although it's called an "awakening," it just seems cheap.
:'''Hasegawa:''' I just think this kind of cheap plot makes the character look cheap too. I really hope the author reconsiders this course...
:'''Junkichi:''' Traveler, let's... let's go ask someone else...
----
;(Talk to Rie)
:'''Rie:''' Hi there, are you up for a chat?
:{{DIcon}} Indeed. Have you read "Onibudou," by any chance?
:'''Rie:''' I have. I like the main character a lot, too.
:'''Rie:''' But I've been having a hard time reading it lately...
:{{DIcon}}A hard time?
:'''Rie:''' In the last few chapters, the main character was suddenly bestowed with all these new abilities.
:'''Rie:''' The story spends a lot of time talking about how those abilities were awakened and how they can be used.
:'''Rie:''' And the names of those abilities are getting harder and harder to follow. I can't remember any of them.
:'''Rie:''' If I keep reading, I don't think I will be able to follow the story without understanding these abilities.
:'''Rie:''' *sigh* I was thinking of giving the book a rest and switching to something a little easier to follow.
:'''Junkichi:''' Uh... Let's...
:{{DIcon}} Let's head back...
:'''Junkichi:''' Okay... I don't get why this is happening...
----
;(Report to Shigeru or Junkichi)
:'''Shigeru:''' Alright then, how did it turn out? Did you get the readers'...
:'''Shigeru:''' ...Wait, why does he look so depressed... what kind of feedback did you get?

:'''The Traveler tells Shigeru about the readers' feedback...'''

:'''Shigeru:''' *sigh*... So, Junkichi, will you accept the feedback now?
:'''Junkichi:''' I can't believe it... How did this happen...
:'''Junkichi:''' Are my ideas... and my writing... not interesting enough?
:'''Shigeru:''' As I said, advancing the plot purely by giving the character new powers can be dangerous...
:'''Shigeru:''' The new traits might be momentarily popular, but as soon as the novelty wears off, the readers will get bored.
:'''Shigeru:''' This is years of experience talking, you know.
:'''Junkichi:''' I&mdash;I know...
:'''Shigeru:''' It's not too late to change it, though... We can't reverse the reviews of the previous chapters, but we can get the following chapters back on solid footing...
:'''Shigeru:''' Thank you, Traveler. It's actually better to let him take a hit now. If he kept on writing like that, he would definitely be worse off overall.
:'''Shigeru:''' So, thank you. This is your payment. Please take it.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/i-tLgu5HT9w
|caption1 = "Editorial Opinion" Achievement
}}

== Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = This Novel Seems... Problematic?
|zhs     = 这本小说…有问题？
|zhs_rm  = Zhè Běn Xiǎoshuō... Yǒu Wèntí?
|zht     = 這本小說…有問題？
|zht_rm  = Zhè Běn Xiǎoshuō... Yǒu Wèntí?
|zh_tl   = This Novel... Has Problems?
|ja      = この小説…問題あり？
|ja_rm   = Kono Shousetsu... Mondai Ari?
|ja_tl   = This Novel... Has Problems?
|ko      = 이 소설… 문제 있는 건가?
|ko_rm   = I Soseol... Munje Inneun Geonga?
|ko_tl   = This Novel... Has Problems?
|es      = Una novela... ¿problemática?
|es_tl   = A... Problematic Novel?
|fr      = Un roman... problématique&nbsp;?
|fr_tl   = A... Problematic Novel?
|ru      = Сомнительный... роман?
|ru_tl   = Questionable... Novel?
|th      = นิยายเล่มนี้...มีปัญหา?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = This Novel... Has Problems?
|vi      = Quyển Tiểu Thuyết Này...Có Vấn Đề Sao?
|vi_tl   = This Novel... Has a Problem?
|de      = Dieser Roman scheint&nbsp;... problematisch?
|de_tl   = This Novel Seems... Problematic?
|id      = Apakah Novel ini... Bermasalah?
|id_tl   = Is this Novel... Problematic?
|pt      = Esse romance... Tem algo de errado com ele?
|pt_tl   = That Novel... Is There Something Wrong With It?
|tr      = Bu Roman... Sorunlu Sanki?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Un romanzo... problematico?
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation ==
{{Commission Navbox|Inazuma|In Series}}