{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22302
|image         = Commission This Novel Is Amazing.png
|type          = Commission
|npc           = Chang the Ninth
|startLocation = [[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|characters    = Chang the Ninth; Paimon; Traveler; Xu
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
*Can get the achievement [[This Novel Is Amazing! (Achievement)|This Novel Is Amazing!]] by choosing to sneak a peek at the transcript before delivering it.
}}
'''''This Novel Is Amazing!''''', also called '''''A Novel Plan''''', is a repeatable NPC [[commission]]. It starts in [[Qingce Village]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Chang the Ninth]]
#Take [[Sealed Package|the book]] to [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]]
#Give the book to [[Xu]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* By choosing to peek at the book, the [[Sealed Package]] will change to [[First Apprentice of Guhua]]. The player will also gain the {{Achievement|This Novel Is Amazing! (Achievement)}}. In [[Co-Op Mode]], only the host will unlock the achievement.
** Completing this commission three times is a prerequisite for the {{Quest|For Old Time's Sake}}, which also has a corresponding Achievement. Because [[Commission#Commissions With Incomplete Achievements|commissions with incomplete Achievements]] are more likely to appear as a daily commission, waiting until the third completion of this commission to unlock the Achievement is recommended.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Chang the Ninth has written a brand new novel, and he's looking for someone who is able to take it to Feiyun Commerce Guild as fast as possible...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Chang the Ninth)
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' This time I am going to win...
:{{DIcon}} Win what?
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' I don't know if you're aware, but there is a creative writing competition held periodically in [[Inazuma]].
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' I believe the name is... "This Novel is Amazing!" More importantly, the competition is hosted by the [[Yae Publishing House]], a giant in the Inazuma publishing industry.
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' I prepared for this competition by immersing myself in some Inazuma popular fiction to get a sense of what they like over there.
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' Of course, I also have an entire study full of literature and I've read every single book in there at some point in my life. So for my entry, I wrote a novel that integrates the best of Liyue and Inazuma culture. This one is a winner, I'm sure of it!
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' I spoke with the Feiyun Commerce Guild. They are sending someone to take my entry to Inazuma and submit it in person. However, that someone has so far failed to show up!
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' I need to you deliver the manuscript to the {{Color|buzzword|Feiyun Commerce Guild}} for me. Do you have the time?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Chang the Ninth:''' That's the spirit. Go and make me a winner!
:{{DIcon}} What's your story about?
::'''Chang the Ninth:''' This is a competition. Sorry, but I am not about to let you in on the details of my entry.
::'''Chang the Ninth:''' If I can just win this, everything will start to improve...

;(Talk to Chang the Ninth again)
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' Definitely going to win. Definitely...
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' I am going to win this, and then my book is going to be sold all around the world... And then, she will read it... She is sure to...
:'''Chang the Ninth:''' ...What are you still doing here? Get my book down to the {{Color|buzzword|Feiyun Commerce Guild}}, now!
----
;(After reaching the Feiyun Commerce Guild)
:'''[[Paimon]]:''' That looks like the {{Color|buzzword|Feiyun Commerce Guild}}.
:'''Paimon:''' Just hand the book to that {{Color|buzzword|guy at the entrance}}. Job done.
:'''Paimon:''' Although... Paimon reeeally wants to know what the big deal with this book is...
:'''Paimon:''' Whaddya think? Shall we take a sneak peek?
:{{DIcon}} Just a quick one...
:::{{Black Screen|First Apprentice of Guhua}}
:::A story written by Chang the Ninth. It tells the tale of a young man, frail since birth, who was adopted by a Guhua Master from the mountains. Though the boy could not practice the Guhua arts, his whole life revolved around them as he grew up in the school. After the decline of the Guhua Clan and the death of the Master, the boy and an elderly caretaker were the sole remaining disciples of the school. But the boy didn't give up, mastering all the esoteric techniques and reading every last book hidden there. Running the school single-handedly as the previous master had before him, the young man defeated countless challengers with neither [[Vision]] nor arcane weapon... He also took a young girl from Inazuma as his student.
:::When tumultuous times beset the world, and the girl from Inazuma left without saying goodbye, the young man decided it was time for him to explore the world beyond the mountain &mdash; starting, of course, with the distant land of Inazuma...
::'''Paimon:''' Yep! Super-duper quick. Open it, open it!
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm... This young boy, d'you reckon it's just Chang the Ninth himself?
::'''Paimon:''' Because as grumpy old men go, he's pretty young at heart, wouldn't you say?
::'''Paimon:''' We'd probably better get this book to the {{Color|buzzword|Feiyun Commerce Guild}} now.
:{{DIcon}} No peeking!
::'''Paimon:''' Alright, spoilsport... You're right though, we're technically not supposed to look at it without him saying so.
----
;(Talk to Xu)
:'''Xu:''' Where has the master gone this time...
:{{DIcon}} I have a book from Chang the Ninth.
:'''Xu:''' Huh? ...Seriously, he still writes?
:'''Xu:''' Oh... I remember now, he said something about entering a novel-writing competition in Inazuma...
:'''Xu:''' What did he write about this time, then? Last time he wrote a book about the [[Qixing]] and kept insisting that we publish it for him.
:'''Xu:''' Even without it being published, I still almost had the [[Millelith]] on my case...
:'''Xu:''' At least this time it's going all the way to Inazuma for a competition. They probably wouldn't be able to trace it back to me.
:'''Xu:''' Give it here. I'll get one of the sailors bound for Inazuma to take it with them.
:'''Xu:''' I don't think Chang stands a chance of winning though. I hear a novel called [[Xingqiu/Lore#"A Legend of Sword"|"A Legend of Sword"]] is all the rage in Inazuma right now.
:'''Xu:''' [[Xingqiu|The author]] of that one is also from Liyue, though I don't know who it is.
:'''Xu:''' Thanks for bringing the book. Chang the Ninth had originally asked us to collect it, he'd even paid up front. Please take this for your trouble.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The author of "A Legend of Sword" is none other than [[Xingqiu]], second son of the Feiyun Commerce Guild. However, he is unaware of the book's popularity in Inazuma, as it flopped in Liyue.
* The title of the quest and achievement, "This Novel is Amazing!", is a reference to the real-life light novel guidebook このライトノベルがすごい! (''This Light Novel is Amazing!'')

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = This Novel Is Amazing!
|zhs     = 这本小说真厉害
|zhs_rm  = Zhèběn Xiǎoshuō Zhēn Lìhài!
|zht     = 這本小說真厲害
|zht_rm  = Zhèběn Xiǎoshuō Zhēn Lìhài!
|zh_tl   = This Novel is Truly Amazing!
|ja      = この小説はすごい
|ja_rm   = Kono Shousetsu wa Sugoi
|ja_tl   = This Novel Is Amazing
|ko      = 이 소설이 짱이야!
|ko_rm   = I Soseol-i Jjang'iya!
|ko_tl   = This Novel is Rock!
|es      = ¡Qué novela!
|es_tl   = What a Novel!
|fr      = Ce roman est génial
|fr_tl   = This Novel Is Brilliant
|ru      = Потрясающий роман
|ru_tl   = Awesome Novel
|th      = นิยายเล่มนี้สุดยอดไปเลย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = This Novel Is Amazing
|vi      = Quyển tiểu thuyết này thật lợi hại
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das ist ein Wahnsinnsroman
|de_tl   = This is an Insane Novel
|id      = Novel ini Luar Biasa!
|id_tl   = This Novel is Amazing!
|pt      = Um Romance Extraordinário
|pt_tl   = An Extraordinary Novel
|tr      = Bu Roman Bir Harika!
|tr_tl   = This Novel Is Amazing!
|it      = Questo romanzo è fantastico!
|it_tl   = This Novel Is Fantastic!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[es:¡Qué novela!]]
[[ja:この小説はすごい]]
[[ru:Потрясающий роман]]