{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 40157
|image         = Event Quest This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour.png
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness
|actNum        = 1
|actNumLabel   = First Leg
|actType       = None
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
* [[Adventure Rank]] 30
* [[Archon Quest]] [[Ritou Escape Plan]]
|characters    = Arataki Itto; Dvorak; Kuki Shinobu; Paimon; Shikanoin Heizou; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Watatsumi Island
|subarea       = 
|next          = ...It's the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness!
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Iridescence Tour Tickets*80;Mora*50,000;Hero's Wit*5
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness]] Event.

==Steps==
# View the invitation letter
# Go to [[Watatsumi Island]]
# Meet up with Itto
# Go to the Jam Zone
# View the venue

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've received an invitation from one Arataki Itto. Having been introduced by his enthusiastic letter, you set out on a trip to Watatsumi Island...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon obtaining quest)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Invitation From the Arataki Gang}})

;(View the invitation)
::'''Invitation From the Arataki Gang'''
::<big>
::Hahahahaha! Wanna guess who this is from?<br>
::&mdash;Bingo! It's me, amigo! That's right, your bestest bud who's been down here in Inazuma missing you! Hahahahaha!
::</big>
::&nbsp;
::I recently ran into a new Fontainian friend, and he said they've got a music festival called the "Iridescence Tour" over there! Now, yours truly instantly thought of that Drumalong Festival we had last time, and how we drummed it up on Amakane Island, singing and scarfing Roasted Lavender Melons! Aw yeah, now those are some great memories! You haven't forgotten either, right, compadre? (But yeah it'd be great if you could forget the part about the Tenryou Commission botching their jobs and arresting me, totally by mistake.)
::&nbsp;
::So this time, I've decided to work with my new pal and host an even bigger, even badder, even wilder musical party, and it's gonna be called the Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness! Whaddaya think? Doesn't the name alone just set your soul on fire?
::&nbsp;
::So stop dragging your feet and get your tushy on over to Watatsumi Island, 'cuz the One and Oni has still got a lot to say.
::&nbsp;
::Be there or be square!
::&nbsp;
::If you're a no-show then there's no show!
::&nbsp;
::Disclaimer: Of course I didn't have Shinobu transcribe this for me!
::&nbsp;
::''(He totally did)''
::&nbsp;
::Accept Invitation

;(Approach the stage on Watatsumi Island)
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, so this is the venue, huh? Not half bad.

;(Approach Arataki Itto and Dvorak)
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 01.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Don't you worry, Jack-Attack! We'll find that dog, even if it's hiding in Tenshukaku.
:{{Introductory Note|Arataki Itto}}
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Itto... It's just a myth...
:{{DIcon}} What dog?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 02.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Whoa! Compadre! And Paimon!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 03.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You finally made it! Man, have I missed you guys! Hahahahaha!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 04.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh yeah &mdash; and this is Dvorak, a musician from Fontaine. Jack-Attack, you know these two, right?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Mr. Dvorak! It's you!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 02.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Hehe, ah, it's so wonderful to see you both again. I feel like that Lantern Rite was just yesterday. How've you been?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pretty good! So how did you end up hanging around with Itto? Is he helping you with the Iridescence Tour now?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 05.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You'd better believe it, Mini Melon! But that's only half the story.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 06.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' This is no ordinary Iridescence Tour. Me and Jack-Attack are teaming up to turn this into the "Iridescent Arataki Rockin' for Life Tour de Force of Awesomeness"!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Rockin' for Life? What do you know about rock 'n' roll, Bull-Chucker?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 07.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? What, you never heard of Bull-Chucker Rock before?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 08.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Moo moo moo... *stomp stomp stomp*
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 09.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Don't try and understand it, Mini Melon, it'll melt your mind! It's about lettin' loose! C'mon, give us some Lavender Melon Rock!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, speak for yourself, mister... Sounds like you're the one whose mind is melting!
:{{DIcon}} Just to backtrack a little &mdash; what's this dog you were talking about?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 03.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Heh... Just a local legend I heard about. Apparently, there was a war between the islands of Narukami and Watatsumi not too long ago. Is that right?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 10.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Such a waste... When will people learn? Make rock 'n' roll, guys, not war.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 04.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' A tragedy, to be sure. Countless animals were affected by the fallout. A raven, a bake-danuki, a weasel thief, and many more sustained injuries...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Fair point, the animals didn't deserve that. But, uh... And not to downplay it or anything but... Didn't even worse stuff happen than that?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 11.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' In the eyes of a rocker, all living things are equally important.
:{{DIcon}} So did this dog get injured, too?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 05.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' No, the story goes that this dog was something like a ninken. It would show up out of nowhere in the middle of a battle to rescue the injured animals and take them to safety.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 12.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Rockin' and rollin' to the rescue! A king among canines! There'll always be a place for him in the Arataki Gang.
:{{DIcon}} Where did you hear about this?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 06.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' In Ritou. I was actually there while the war was going on.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 07.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' It inspired me to write a song about it. I was even planning to host a music festival around the same theme, but unfortunately I couldn't convince my investors.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 13.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Oh, yeah, I heard all about that... They claimed that they had to cancel their plans because of an accident at sea. But that was just a lame excuse.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 08.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Yes, they weren't optimistic about the potential return on investment. Plus... I don't know, there seemed to be some other risks they were worried about.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What kind of risks?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 09.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Good question... Risks only apparent to people with Mora to throw around, I suppose?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 14.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I agree. When people have too much Mora, they lose their rock 'n' roll spirit.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They do, huh? So what do you mean by rock 'n' roll spirit, anyway?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 15.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Y'know! The spirit of, uh... You rock up, you rock out, roll the dice, and roll with the punches! That sorta stuff!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... By that definition, aren't the investors the most rock 'n' roll people in this scenario?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 16.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Anyway, point is &mdash; those chumps are out, and Arataki Itto is in! I'm running the show from here on out.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, right! How are YOU gonna fill in for the investors? Do you even have any Mora?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 10.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' I have faith in Itto. He tells me that the Arataki Gang is a small but well-known and influential organization in this area, and has even been known to rub shoulders with the local authorities. Isn't that right?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Rub shoulders" is putting it mildly... More like, they're always locking horns...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 17.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey! Don't look down your nose at the Arataki Gang! I got connections, alright? Even the Tri-Commission listens to what I have to say!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, Mr. Big Shot, whatever you say...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 18.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You can doubt it all you want, Mini Melon, but it's the truth. You know that guy in the Yashiro Commission? Well, he and I are officially bros! That's right, I'm talking about Thoma, housekeeper extraordinaire!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 19.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' And there's the general from the Tenryou Commission. Kujou Tengu. I mean, sure, we're always ribbing each other, but it comes from a place of deep mutual respect!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mutual? ...Yeah, Paimon's not so sure about that.
:{{DIcon}} So what about the Kanjou Commission?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 20.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Okay, fair, no first-name contacts there... But the Arataki Gang is a big contributor to their revenue stream! All those fines we pay...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 11.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' F&mdash;Fines!?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 21.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Huh? No! I meant, uh... taxes! Hehehe... Yeah...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 22.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' But that's not all! Let's not forget my contacts outside of the Tri-Commission! Amazing, talented people from all walks of life, like, uh... Ooh! Like the TCG legend, Ayato! Oh yeah, he's made quite a name for himself in the TCG circles.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 23.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' In fact, they got a saying now: "Ayato of the South, Itto of the North." That's right, I'm the only serious competition he's got in all of Inazuma!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you make that saying up!?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 24.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Then there's the fox lady, VIP customer of Yukio's ramen stall and fellow participant in the Ramen Masters Championship. I was her only worthy opponent.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 25.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Also, you know that lonely god in Tenshukaku? Well, guess what? Turns out it was her life-long wish to catch one of Arataki Itto's events!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 26.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' During the Drumalong festival, the Tenryou Commission were worried that their Almighty Shogun might have too much fun and lose interest in running the government. That's why they invited me over to stay for a couple of days.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well look at you, sounds like you're really going up in the world. At this rate, you'll have made shogun by the next time we see you... And then Paimon'll have to call you "Almighty Bull-Chucker."
:{{DIcon}} The Arataki Gang never ceases to amaze.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 12.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Ahem, well... I'll admit, I heard a few exaggerations there myself, but regardless, Itto has helped me secure a venue for this event. And for that, I owe him my thanks.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 27.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Ah, it's nothing, don't mention it! My bro Gorou sorted it all out for me &mdash; let's both go thank him later.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, you know Gorou!?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 28.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Yep. I always knew him as General Gorou of the resistance fighters, but I had no idea there was more to the story! Turns out, he has another identity...
:{{DIcon}} What other identity?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 29.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' You've heard of Ms. Hina, right?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' MS. HINA!? So you&mdash;!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 30.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hey, no need to yell, alright? Yes, Ms. Hina. She's the one who told me.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 31.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' After falling for the Tenryou Commission's tricks at the Drumalong Festival, I figured I'd find a new location this time. Somewhere out of their reach. Like here, for example.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 32.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' So, I wrote Ms. Hina a letter, asking if she knew anything about the procedure for holding an event on Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 33.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' She wrote me back right away, and said I could ask Watatsumi Island's General for help... and that his name was "Gorou."
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 34.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' I was like, whaaaat!? General Gorou is the general of all Watatsumi Island!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, that was close... Paimon's with you now, but... what did you think general meant?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 35.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' What do you mean? Isn't it like, one general per squad, or something?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's called a captain!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 36.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Really? Huh. Well, either way, if it wasn't for Ms. Hina, I never woulda known... Pretty rock 'n' roll! Hahahahaha!
:{{DIcon}} So rock 'n' roll!
:{{DIcon}} Hahahahaha!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 37.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Alright &mdash; good chat, compadre. I just remembered, I got a meeting with Gorou coming up &mdash; gonna ask him about that dog situation. Gonna have to love ya and leave ya for now.
:{{DIcon}} Sure you don't want us to join? We could help.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 38.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Hahahahaha! You guys focus on having a blast here at the festival! I think I can handle this little canine conundrum.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 39.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' There's still a few days until the big party, so not everything's set up yet. But the Jam Zone and the Roasted Lavender Melon Zone are ready for action!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 itto 40.ogg}} '''Arataki Itto:''' Have fun, compadre! Gotta dash!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 13.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' *sigh* What a character... Gotta admire his enthusiasm, though.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 1 dvorak 14.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Looks like it's just the three of us for now. Why don't I show you the Jam Zone to start with?
----
;(Approach the Jam Zone)
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Here we are. I've supplied musical scores and instruments from various regions, including a horn I personally brought from Fontaine. You can play whatever music you like.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 02.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' If you get tired, the Roasted Lavender Melon Zone is just over there. Itto says that Lavender Melons are, *clears throat*, rock 'n' roll fuel. So, what do you think? Wanna give it a try?
:{{DIcon}} I guess that makes Paimon "Flying Rock 'N' Roll Fuel."
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, cut that out! Lucky Itto's gone, otherwise Paimon would never hear the end of it.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's change the topic. What other fun stuff is there to do here, Mr. Dvorak?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 03.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Well, we're planning to invite some more music enthusiasts, and we're still getting some supplies together so we can decorate the place a little.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 04.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' But it could take some time. The Arataki Gang has shifted their focus to the dog situation ever since I brought it up...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 05.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Only one of them is actually sticking to the plan. Her name is Kuki Shinobu &mdash; she's out delivering invitations right now.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, that's the Arataki Gang for ya. Everyone else goofs around while Shinobu gets things done.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should help out! We can't let this event get totally derailed when Shinobu's out there doing her part!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 06.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Oh, I mean... Are you sure?
:{{DIcon}} Absolutely. We can handle it.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 07.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' That would be extremely useful... We're starting to get behind schedule, and a couple extra pairs of hands could make all the difference.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No problem, we're happy to help! So you need us to find some music lovers and gather materials for decorating. Was that it?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 08.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Exactly. According to the original plan, we aim to finish everything in five days, and then the big party can begin.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 09.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Actually, give me a second &mdash; I'll make you a checklist of all the outstanding tasks, that way it'll all be clearer.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 10.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Oh, also... One other tidbit to share with you: Itto is planning to perform a song on stage on the final day of the event.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, typical Bull-Chucker! Always has to be the center of attention!
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you do a song too, Paimon?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon would steal the show for sure. No one would give Itto a second look after that.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Pretty sure he'd yell out "Paimon's so rock 'n' roll it hurts!" And then run off the stage bawling his eyes out.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 11.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Haha, those are some bold claims, Ms. Paimon. But that kind of confidence would serve you well on the stage.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon's just kidding. Anyway, we'll be ready for that checklist as soon as it's done, Mr. Dvorak!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 2 dvorak 12.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Great. Feel free to take a look around. I'll bring it over in a few minutes.

;(Talk to Dvorak, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog yyeq001 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Feel free to take a look around, I'll be with you in just a moment.

;(Approach the stage)
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 01.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Well, well, well! If it isn't {{Traveler}} and Paimon!
:{{Introductory Note|Shikanoin Heizou}}
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Shinobu... and Heizou! What a surprise!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 02.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' This truly is a pleasant surprise... although, not that surprising to be honest. I was just telling Ms. Shinobu that I had a sneaking suspicion we might run into you.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hehe, Doushin Shikanoin was talking about you constantly the whole way here. I guess the universe answered his prayers.
:{{Introductory Note|Kuki Shinobu}}
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 03.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' It's called intuition. Names pop into my head at relevant moments &mdash; just the way my mind works.
:{{DIcon}} It's great to see you both.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon sure wasn't expecting Heizou to be the first one to show up.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Boss nagged me to prioritize the Tenryou Commission invitations. He specifically requested Madam Kujou Sara and Doushin Shikanoin.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... why isn't Sara here?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 04.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Almost certainly because she has no desire whatsoever to see Itto. In her defense, here's what was written on the invitation letter:
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 05.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' "Kujou Tengu! Come meet me at the top of the Sangonomiya Shrine! Let's go nuts and have a totally rock 'n' roll sumo wrestling match!"
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' If I were Kujou Sara, I'd jump at the chance to throw Itto off the roof.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But then wouldn't Kokomi come and throw Sara off, too? All that stomping around on her roof... the noise would drive her crazy.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yeah, haha... Well anyway, Madam Kujou Sara's response was much more magnanimous than mine would've been. She gave us a basket of Lavender Melons to bring as a gift.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 06.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Magnanimous...? Hehe, I'm not so sure. Something tells me she's trying to send a message.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What message?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 07.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' "If that oni brat wants to pick a fight with me, there'll be plenty of Lavender Melons waiting for him at the Police Station."
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hm, maybe the fact you assume that says more about you than her! So what about the other basket of Lavender Melons, huh? Is that one from you? What message are you trying to send?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 08.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Haha, the other basket is actually from a few of us at the Police Station. I chipped in, and so did some other Doushin who've arrested Itto before... and so did some of Itto's former cellmates.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 09.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' So I guess this basket of Lavender Melons is our way of saying: "There'll always be a place for you here!"
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Maybe just give Boss the melons, and don't mention that part.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 10.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Sure. Well, my work here is done, anyway. Now that I've delivered the Lavender Melons and said hello to {{Traveler}}, I should probably get going.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, aren't you gonna stay for the event?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 11.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Don't worry, I'll definitely be back for the big party. But I have some business to attend to in Ritou first.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeesh, being a detective sounds busy. They got you running around all over the place... Oh, wait! Ritou! Do you happen to know anything about a mystery ninken that appeared during the war? Apparently, a lot of people in Ritou were talking about it.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 12.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Ah, the dog, yes...? That was the inspiration behind this music festival, wasn't it? Shinobu told me all about it.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... Never mind, Paimon just thought a detective might have the inside scoop.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 13.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' I'm only speculating here, but from experience, I'd say it's probably just a local legend. I doubt the dog even exists.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 14.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' What's wrong? From the look on your face, you've got a vested interest in this situation...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 15.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Interesting... Well, since I'm going to Ritou anyway, I can always ask around and see where it leads.
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure it won't impact your work?
:{{DIcon}} How much do you charge for your services?
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 16.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Don't be silly. If this matters to you, that's a good sign that it'll turn out to be something that interests me, too.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 heizou 17.ogg}} '''Shikanoin Heizou:''' Hehe, stay tuned for more info. See you all soon!
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Seems like Doushin Shikanoin's quite the lone wolf. Well, I'd better get back to delivering these invitations. Gotta make sure the big party's a success.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In that case, guess it's time for us to get to work too. Wonder how that checklist is coming along...
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 dvorak 01.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Sorry to keep you waiting &mdash; here's that list for ya. If you can work your way through all this, we'll be back on track.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great, perfect timing, Mr. Dvorak! We'll get on it right away.
:{{A|vo yyeq001 4 dvorak 02.ogg}} '''Dvorak:''' Thank you, I'm very grateful for your help. If you feel like flexing your musical muscles to take a break at any point, just come and find me in the Jam Zone.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = This Ain't Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour...
|zhs      = 不是普通的虹色巡回
|zhs_rm   = Bùshì Pǔtōng de Hóngsè Xúnhuí
|zht      = 不是普通的虹色巡迴
|zht_rm   = Bùshì Pǔtōng de Hóngsè Xúnhuí
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = ただのイリデッセンスツアーじゃない
|ja_rm    = Tada no Iridessensu Tsuaa Ja Nai
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 이건 평범한 무지갯빛 투어가 아니야
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Un Tour Iridiscente fuera de lo corriente
|es_tl    = An Out-of-the-Ordinary Iridescent Tour
|fr       = Pas une tournée Iridescence de grand-père !
|fr_tl    = Not a Grandpa's Iridescence Tour!
|ru       = Необыкновенный тур «Многоцветье»
|ru_tl    = Extraordinary "Multicolor" Tour
|th       = ไม่ใช่ทัวร์แสงสีตระการตาทั่วไป
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Không Phải Sắc Màu Lưu Động Bình Thường Đâu...
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Das ist keine gewöhnliche Regenbogen-Tour
|de_tl    = This Is No Ordinary Rainbow Tour
|id       = Bukan Iridescence Tour Bapakmu!
|id_tl    = Not Your Daddy's Iridescence Tour!
|pt       = Essa não é uma Tour Iridescente comum...
|pt_tl    = This Isn't a Common Iridescence Tour...
|tr       = Bu, Babanın Parıldayan Turnesi Değil...
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Un Tour dell'arcobaleno all'ultimo grido...
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[pt-br:Essa não é uma Tour Iridescente comum...]]
[[ru:Необыкновенный тур «Многоцветье»]]
[[vi:Không Phải Sắc Màu Lưu Động Bình Thường Đâu...]]