{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|realname         = Thomas Reed
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|spouse           = [[Leticia|Leticia Randolph]]
|spouseRef        = <ref group="Note">See [[#Trivia|Trivia]] for the relation between Leticia and Thompson Reed.</ref>
|mother	          = Unnamed mother
|child            = Unnamed child
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Thompson Reed''' is a historical character in ''[[Genshin Impact]]''.

==Story==
Thompson Reed was from [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]]. He learned to live by "survival of the fittest", using lies to move upwards in life. When met [[Leticia]] in her journey to Fleuve Cendre, he saw it as an opportunity to gain prestige via connection to [[House Randolph]].<ref name="absolution">[[Absolution]]</ref> He compelled her to experience the world with her for some time.<ref name="verdict">[[Verdict]]</ref>

Leticia joined [[Eduardo Baker|Eduardo Baker's]] resistance group.<ref name="verdict"/> The pair later participated in the occupation of [[Poisson]].<ref name="ferryman">[[Fleuve Cendre Ferryman]]</ref> Thompson tried to convince Leticia to leave the resistance group prior, describing how their children "should not be born amidst cannon fire, or grow up amidst the mud and filthy waters", even saying that the goals of Eduardo's group were "confused dreams" and it had a "mission with its outlook yet unknown".<ref name="absolution"/> However, Thompson had already planned to betray the resistance group.<ref name="absolution"/> He informed the Marechaussee Hunters of secret paths by which to invade Poisson.<ref name="verdict"/> It is not clear what happened to Thompson during or after the [[Poisson#Siege of Poisson|Siege of Poisson]].

At some point, Leticia and Thompson formed a pact.<ref name="verdict"/>

==Trivia==
* There is evidence that suggests that Leticia and Rosa Reed, the woman mentioned in [[Fleuve Cendre Ferryman]], may be one and the same:
** Leticia had abandoned her name and taken on the name of the rose, which fitted with the name Rosa.
** Her husband is named "Reed"
** Leticia had a child, and Rosa was holding an infant during [[Karl Ingold]]'s photo session.
* Therefore, Leticia's husband and Rosa Reed's husband are one and the same: Thompson Reed.
* Thompson Reed was likely part of Eduardo Baker's entourage from the beginning.
** Baker's operations began in Fleuve Cendre, which was Reed's hometown
** In [[Verdict]], Reed mentions a "Boss". This "boss" says "Let all that the sun shines upon belong to them, and let the Fleuve Cendre belong to us," a quote attributed to Baker in [[Fleuve Cendre Ferryman]].

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}