{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Thoma
|id             = 368142
|image          = Character Thoma Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Thoma''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"Household chores..."
*"Time for work..."
*"Little animals..."
*"My friends..."
*"Spooky stories..."
When the player is nearby:
*"You're back..."
*"Tell me about it..."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo thoma mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh hey, (Traveler), you're back!
:{{A|vo thoma mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So, how goes the journey? Give me all the details.
:{{DIcon}} Are you settling in okay?
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, don't worry, I'll be fine. Believe me, I can feel at home almost anywhere.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' By the way, I really like what you've done with the place... Especially that funny little bird at the entrance...
::{{DIcon}} That's Tubby, a teapot spirit.
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Gotcha, Tubby the Teapot Spirit... Wait, what?
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I've heard my share of stories, everything from fox envoys, to bake-danuki, to tengu warriors... But a teapot spirit? That's a new one.
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hmm, interesting. So, that teapot youkai... I mean, spirit. Teapot spirit. Did you catch it yourself?
:::{{DIcon}} It's a long story. Rest assured, Tubby is no youkai.
::{{DIcon}} That's Tubby, my butler bird.
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Gotcha, Tubby the Butler Bird... Wait, what?
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You're saying you've got a bird that's smart enough to be a butler? It's not some kind of youkai or anything... Is it?
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Heh, you never cease to impress me. I mean, taming youkai? Who knew you had that kind of talent!
:::{{DIcon}} It's a long story. Rest assured, Tubby is no youkai.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Not a youkai? So... just out of curiosity, this Tubby doesn't happen to be some sort of god or anything, does it?
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That would spell the end for me... I, uh, couldn't help but pat it on the head when I came in...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sure! The atmosphere here's really relaxed. It's perfect for chatting the day away.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' By the way, I've been hoping to show you around the Grand Narukami Shrine when we get the chance.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The Sacred Sakura at the shrine is in bloom year-round. Seeing the falling blossoms dance in the wind is quite a sight to behold... definitely a surefire way to make you fall in love with Inazuma.
::{{DIcon}} Yes, I've seen them before.
::{{DIcon}} I'd love to join you next time.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, great!
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' And speaking of the Grand Narukami Shrine, one word of advice... Don't ever attack any of the kitsune nearby.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Not that you'd ever dream of doing something like that... would you?
::{{DIcon}} Of course not, I always respect the wildlife.
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 07a.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ah, that's good. I always knew that you were a kindhearted person.
::{{DIcon}} Why, what's the worst that could happen?
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 07b.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Huh, you're not seriously considering it, are you? Trust me, don't let curiosity get the best of you. Attacking a kitsune is bad luck.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I know an old lady who loves telling stories about the unnatural. She told me that someone was once sentenced to "judgment by lightning" after attacking one of the kitsune near the shrine.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Kitsune are highly favored by the Grand Narukami, so I guess the offender only got what was coming to them.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Regardless, you should probably try not to provoke any animals you encounter, regardless of the species.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' All plants and creatures equally deserve our respect.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Actually, I was hoping to find a nice, open area and invite you to do some skygazing together.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Something about the sky here seems clearer than anywhere else. It makes me feel... peaceful inside.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Don't get me wrong, sunset in Inazuma is impressive, too, but somehow it feels a little more... somber than what you have here.
::{{DIcon}} Well, we are inside an adeptus' teapot, after all.
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 04a.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Huh, you're right... which is already pretty astonishing. To think that the two of us along with a whole expanse of sky can be packed inside a tiny little teapot.
::{{DIcon}} I know what you mean.
:::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 04b.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Really? You do? It's great that you know how I feel.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ahhhh...
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Even if this crystal-blue sky is just a teapot's illusion, a moment of pure tranquility is a great thing all the same.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, I guess I always try to see the positive side of things.
::{{DIcon}} I appreciate that about you, Thoma.
::{{DIcon}} That's why you can live a happy life.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Thoma''' Haha, thanks for that.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' On a more serious note, though you may not want to show it... I can see the tiring toll of your journey in your eyes sometimes.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Since we're already here, why not try to leave your worries behind and put your mind at ease for a while?
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' And if you ever feel lonely, don't worry &mdash; you've always got me here to keep you company.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Thoma.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Morning, (Traveler)!
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' If you'd like some breakfast, I'd be more than happy to whip something up for ya?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Night, Thoma.
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Night, (Traveler)! Try not to kick off all your covers, okay?
::{{A|vo thoma mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' See you tomorrow.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Of Maple and Tea Scents Entwined===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq thoma tearoom 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Nice teahouse you've got here. I can see you put a lot of thought into the furniture and teaware.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq thoma tearoom 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Personally, I think a few pets would complete the atmosphere... What do you say?
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq thoma tearoom 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Don't worry, you can leave them to me to take care of.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Sakura-Hued Street===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq thoma shoppingarcade 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Great job here, you really know what you're doing! If you placed this in Inazuma, you could probably steal a good chunk of business from Hanamizaka.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq thoma shoppingarcade 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Shame I can't flex my "fixer" muscles around here. In other words... no discounts for Thoma.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq thoma shoppingarcade 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I won't let that affect our outings here though. Food and drink's on me, hehe.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}