{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70003
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Aramis; Butterfly; Margaret; Paimon; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
}}
'''Those Hard-to-Reach Places''' is a World Quest unlocked after completing [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]] in the [[Invitation of Windblume]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Aramis]]
# Clear the piles of floral debris off the rooftop (0/3)
# Clear the piles of floral debris off the rooftop (0/4)
# Clear the piles of floral debris off the city walls (0/3)
# Search for the [[Butterfly|kitty]]
# Report back to Aramis

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Knight of Favonius Aramis is worried about the flower petals blowing all over the place...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Aramis)
:'''Aramis:''' Oh, what am I to do...
:{{DIcon}} Do you need help with anything?
:'''Aramis:''' Whenever the Windblume Festival rolls along, people will always offer up all manner of flowers to the Archon statue. Then a gust of wind comes, and off they go, flying every which way.
:'''Aramis:''' We've had to spend no small amount of effort to clear these withered flowers out. But while I can handle the flowers and leaves in the plaza itself, there's not much I can do about the ones that get onto roofs and the city walls.
:'''Aramis:''' Definitely not with these knees of mine. They really aren't holding up well...
:{{DIcon}} I'll lend you a hand.
:'''Aramis:''' You would? Oh, that's wonderful. Those withered flowers are pretty obvious. You should be able to see them the moment you get on top of a roof.
;(Talk to Aramis again)
:'''Aramis:''' *sigh* More steps here, and a couple of roofs there, up and down, up and down... I don't how long my knees will last at this rate...

----

;(Upon reaching the first rooftop)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... There are heaps of withered flowers. Quickly, let's clear these piles.

----

;(Upon reaching the city walls)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, let's clean these piles off the walls while we're at it, huh?
:'''???:''' Meow... Meeeow...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? What's that sound? Sounds like a cat...
:'''Paimon:''' Now, where is it? Hmm... Let's keep an eye out while we are cleaning up.

;(After cleaning the city walls)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that's everything spick and span. Still, we didn't find that cat. Maybe we should look a little more carefully?

;(After finding the cat)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, guess there really was a cat. Wonder why it's over here...
:'''[[Butterfly|Lost Cat]]:''' Meow... Meeeow...
:{{DIcon}} Meow, meow, meow?
:{{DIcon}} Are you lost?
:'''Lost Cat:''' Meow-meow!
:'''Paimon:''' Um, hate to break it to you, but Paimon doesn't think it understands a thing you just said...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's get it down from here first. Maybe Aramis knows who it belongs to.

----

;(Talk to Aramis)
:'''Aramis:''' I'm sorry, I don't think I've seen it. If I did, I'm sure I would have had some impression.
:'''[[Margaret]]:''' Oh. I see... That little darling really loves flowers. I thought that she might have chased them here.
:{{DIcon}} Someone looking for a cat?
:'''Lost Cat:''' Meow... Meow!
:'''Margaret:''' Is that... [[Butterfly]]? Oh, it really is you! Where have you been?
:{{DIcon}} On the city walls.
:'''Margaret:''' So it's just as I thought, then... Thank you so much. Butterfly here loves to chase flowers. She's been a real headache during this time, what with there being flowers all over the city and all.
:'''Margaret:''' Thank you once again &mdash; your next drink's on me the next time you visit Cat's Tail. Well, the non-alcoholic ones, at least.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, joy, this again...
:{{DIcon}} Let's save that tab for next time, I suppose.
:'''Margaret:''' Haha... Once again. See you around, and happy Windblume Festival.
:'''Aramis:''' Well, I never &mdash; so cats are attracted to the flowers too. What a busy festival... Still, it's good that you found that cat.
:'''Aramis:''' If you'd asked me to climb up there to rescue it, I'm afraid my knees would have given up the ghost...
:'''Aramis:''' Well then, thank you for your trouble. Here's a little something for your work.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Those Hard-to-Reach Places
|zhs     = 高处清理
|zhs_rm  = Gāochù Qīnglǐ
|zht     = 高處清理
|zht_rm  = Gāochù Qīnglǐ
|zh_tl   = Tidying Up High Places
|ja      = 高所の整理
|ja_rm   = Kousho no Seiri
|ja_tl   = Tidying Up High Places
|ko      = 높은 곳 치우기
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Lugares difíciles de alcanzar
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Nettoyage de tous les recoins
|fr_tl   = Cleaning of All Corners
|ru      = Труднодоступные места
|ru_tl   = Hard-to-Reach Places
|th      = การทำความสะอาดบนที่สูง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Quét Sạch Nơi Cao
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schwer zu erreichende Orte
|de_tl   = Hard-to-Reach Places
|id      = Tempat yang Sulit Dijangkau
|id_tl   = Hard-to-Reach Places
|pt      = Locais de Difícil Acesso
|pt_tl   = Places with Difficult Access
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}
[[pt-br:Locais de Difícil Acesso]]