{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15005
|image         = Story Quest Those Searching for the Mysterious Island.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = Where the Springs Return
|act           = 
|actNum        = I
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Karya; Paimon; Traveler; Viramdra
|startLocation = {{LL|"People of the Springs"|,}} [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Toyac Springs
|subarea       = "People of the Springs"
|prev          = 
|next          = The Legend of the Mysterious Island
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Mora*17,050;Adventurer's Experience*8;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
|rep           = "People of the Springs"
|repAmt        = 200
|repOrder      = 100
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Those Searching for the Mysterious Island''''' is the first act of {{Quest|Where the Springs Return}}.

==Steps==
* Start the quest by approaching the quest marker.
# Defeat the [[Koholasaur]]s
#* {{Enemy|Koholasaurus|x=3}}
# Talk to the freed tourists

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While wandering in the wilderness, you hear two tourists crying for help, and you and Paimon decide to aid them...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the quest marker)
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, what an amazing view! And we can even see some Koholasaurs here and there! Hey, why don't we try to get a picture with one or two of them in the wild?
:{{DIcon}} But what if they try to bite us?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... they're so cute, they probably won't do that, right...?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's happening over there?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Help! Somebody help us!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Wild Koholasaurs are actually biting people!
:{{DIcon}} It's time for us to save the day again!
::{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 05a 1a.ogg}} {{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 05a 1b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, those two are in trouble! The legendary {{Traveler}} and {{MC|m=his|f=her}} trusty sidekick Paimon will not stand by idly!
:{{DIcon}} Seems those pictures we wanted will have to wait.
::{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 05b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, we can save those for later! We can't just stand around when someone's calling for help!

;(Approach [[Karya]] and [[Viramdra]])
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 karya 02.ogg}} '''Karya:''' G&mdash;Get back!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't panic, just hang in there!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 karya 03.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Ah, finally, someone's coming... Please, help us!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{Black Screen|The defeated Koholasaurs scatter and run away.}}
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Judging from your clothes, you must be scholars from [[Sumeru]], right?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 karya 01.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Yes, I'm Karya, and this is my senior, Viramdra. Thank you so much for saving us. That was a little too close...
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't mention it! Handling these sort of things is practically second nature to us by now. Paimon is Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 viramdra 01.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' *sigh* Still, it seems that all the Koholasaurs just ran off... We need to capture at least one alive.
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Capture one alive?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 viramdra 02.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Correct. Say, I can see you are very skilled at dealing with them. Do you think you could use me as live bait to help us capture one? I will pay you for the effort!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, well...
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 karya 02.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Apologies. Viramdra has been hyper-focused on his research, so please, don't be too hard on him...
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no worries! But why did you approach a whole group of wild Koholasaurs? And what's this talk about "capturing them"?
:{{DIcon}} Don't tell me you want to get a picture with them, too.
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's pretty sure that's not what they're trying to do!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 karya 03.ogg}} '''Karya:''' I'm sure we must look very silly... The fact of the matter is that we're searching for a mysterious island from a certain legend. It's said that a very important clue about the island can be found on Koholasaurs, so...
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 karya 04.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Approaching them without the help of a guide from the [[People of the Springs]] was certainly an unwise choice on our part.
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A mysterious island?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 karya 05.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Yes. There's a legend from the People of the Springs that mentions a mysterious island, and Viramdra believes the key to his research can be found there.
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 viramdra 03.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Ahem... Are you certain you two won't consider my proposal to capture one?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some proposal... There's no way we'd be willing to use a person as live bait!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 viramdra 04.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Then I suppose discussing it any further will just be a waste of time. I must come up with another solution...
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 karya 06.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Ahem... Viramdra!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 viramdra 05.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' Oh, alright... You did rescue Karya and I just now, and I suppose I should express some gratitude. Thank you very much.
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A little awkward, but Paimon'll take it...
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 viramdra 06.ogg}} '''Viramdra:''' We should move on, Karya.
:;(Viramdra leaves)
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 karya 07.ogg}} '''Karya:''' Yes, thank you again. My apologies... Viramdra really doesn't have the best people skills.
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's alright, bye now!
:;(Karya runs after Viramdra)
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really don't see a pair of adventurers like those two every day!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But anyway, Paimon's really curious about that mysterious island that lady just mentioned!
:{{DIcon}} Do you wanna find the island too, Paimon?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! Who knows, there might be treasure!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' After all the amazing places we've explored during our adventures, finding some mysterious island should be a walk in the park for us!
:{{DIcon}} But we don't have any info about this island.
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, you're right... The lady mentioned that the mysterious island is related to a legend of the People of the Springs... So maybe we can start by asking some of them about it?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Time's ticking. Let's get started on our next adventure!
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But the real question is... who should we ask?
:{{DIcon}} Can we just talk to the chief?
:{{A|vo mlnlq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... that's an idea. If anyone, the [[Amina|chief]] of the tribe should know the details!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The Koholasaurs are susceptible to [[Saurian Indwelling|indwelling]], and thus can also be "defeated" by activating the skill for all three.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Those Searching for the Mysterious Island
|zhs      = 寻找神秘岛的人
|zhs_rm   = Xúnzhǎo Shénmìdǎo de Rén
|zht      = 尋找神秘島的人
|zht_rm   = Xúnzhǎo Shénmìdǎo de Rén
|zh_tl    = Those Searching for the Mysterious Island
|ja       = 神秘の島を探す者
|ja_rm    = Shinpi no Shima wo Sagasu Mono
|ja_tl    = Those Searching for the Mysterious Island
|ko       = 신비의 섬을 찾는 자
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = En busca de la isla misteriosa
|es_tl    = In Search of the Mysterious Island
|fr       = Ceux qui cherchent l'île mystérieuse
|fr_tl    = Those Searching for the Mysterious Island
|ru       = Ищущие таинственный остров
|ru_tl    = Those Searching for the Mysterious Island
|th       = ตามหาคนบนเกาะลึกลับ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Người Tìm Đảo Thần Bí
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Die nach der geheimnisvollen Insel Suchenden
|de_tl    = Those Searching for the Mysterious Island
|id       = Mencari Warga Pulau Misterius
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Aqueles Procurando Pela Ilha Misteriosa
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gizemli Adayı Arayanlar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Alla ricerca dell'isola misteriosa
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[es:En busca de la isla misteriosa]]