{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41135
|image         = NPC Location Godwin Context.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|summary       = Godwin asks the Traveler to help him clear out a monster camp and then check up on Glory. She returns the favor by asking the Traveler to give him some dandelion seeds.
|requirement   = Complete [[Unknown Star]]
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Fading Star's Might|20}}
|characters    = Glory; Godwin; Traveler
}}
'''''Thoughts Carried On the Wind''''' is one of the quests during the first phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Unknown Star. The player must complete [[Unknown Star]] to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Godwin]]
#* He will start around the [[Temple of the Falcon]], but still wanders around Windrise.
#Clear out the hilichurl camp
#*There are 2 hilichurl camps to clear out.
#Report back to Godwin
# Go to Mondstadt and look for [[Glory]]
#Give the [[Dandelion Seed]]s to Godwin

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The meteor shower out in the wild seems to have left Godwin all in a fluster...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Godwin)
:'''Godwin:''' I wonder how Glory is getting on...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Godwin:''' Ah, it's you, Traveler. It's dangerous out here right now.
:'''Godwin:''' If you'd like to seek shelter somewhere safe, you should return to Mondstadt as soon as you can.
:{{DIcon}} You're not heading back?
:'''Godwin:''' Well, I... I'm staying out here for now. I am a Knight of Favonius, after all &mdash; I cannot abandon my post at a moment like this.
:'''Godwin:''' I can't return to Mondstadt for various reasons, but I can still stay here and help out.
:'''Godwin:''' After the meteorites fell down, many monsters came under their influence, becoming exceedingly aggressive.
:'''Godwin:''' If left unchecked, they will definitely make huge trouble for us later. I was just getting ready to wipe them out, in fact.
:{{DIcon}} Can you do it by yourself?
:'''Godwin:''' Uh, so they do have great numbers... But as long as I'm careful, I should be fine.
:'''Godwin:''' But if I were to go alone, who knows how long it would take to defeat them.
:'''Godwin:''' If you don't mind, Traveler, could you help me clear their camp out?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Godwin:''' Thank you, that would be a great help to me.
:{{DIcon}} Why not ask the Knights for help?
::'''Godwin:''' Ask the Knights for&mdash; Well... Suffice it to say that I have my own private troubles.
::'''Godwin:''' Please lend me a hand in destroying that monster camp. You may consider it as a favor done for the Knights as well.

;(Talk to Godwin again)
:'''Godwin:''' Where in the world is the [[Varka|Grand Master]]... I wonder if he's received any word that something like this has happened?
:'''Godwin:''' *sigh* But even if he received the news, he wouldn't be able to return so soon, either...
----
;(Report back to Godwin)
:'''Godwin:''' Have you managed to wipe all the monsters out?
:{{DIcon}} All clear.
:'''Godwin:''' You have my thanks, Traveler. They should cease to be a threat for now.
:'''Godwin:''' You should head back to the city. I'm very sorry for asking you to risk yourself out in the wild while all this is happening.
:'''Godwin:''' When you're back in the city... could you help me take note of something?
:'''Godwin:''' I-It's a very simple matter! You just need to help me look out for it.
:{{DIcon}} What might that be?
:'''Godwin:''' Well... When you're back in the city, can you help me see how Glory is doing?
:'''Godwin:''' She should still be safe in the city, but I can't help but worry.
:'''Godwin:''' So could you check in on her for me, please?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:'''Godwin:''' Thank you, Traveler. Oh, yes &mdash; could you also refrain from telling her that I'm here? Just... just tell her that I'm still on a mission in a faraway land.
:'''Godwin:''' I'm sorry, but I'm counting on you &mdash; you must tell her this. Again, my apologies, but I cannot share our private troubles with you.

;(Talk to Godwin again)
:'''Godwin:''' *sigh* If only the Grand Master could return right now &mdash; this problem would be solved in no time at all.
----
;(Talk to Glory)
:'''Glory:''' I do hope Godwin is alright...
:{{DIcon}} Hey there. Godwin's asked me to check in on you.
:'''Glory:''' Godwin? D-Do you know where he is? I haven't heard from him in a good long while, and I've been worried.
:{{DIcon}} He's still on a mission in a faraway land.
:'''Glory:''' Oh... I see. Alright then.
:'''Glory:''' If not for these meteorites, I would have asked after his whereabouts with the Knights...
:'''Glory:''' I've been staying inside the city, so I've been safe so far. But he's probably still out there accomplishing his mission. If this phenomenon is occurring all over the world...
:'''Glory:''' *sigh* I hope that he's alright.
:{{DIcon}} He will be.
:'''Glory:''' Thank you. That would be wonderful. Oh, yes. Could you help me with something?
:'''Glory:''' I purchased a set of Dandelion Seeds from [[Flora]], and I was looking for someone to help me scatter them from a high vantage point... to let the wind carry them to Godwin.
:'''Glory:''' But things being as they are, I don't think I'll be able to find someone who can help me at the moment.
:'''Glory:''' Since you're here, could you help me bring these Dandelion Seeds to Godwin?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
:'''Glory:''' Thank you. He must be in a very faraway place right now. He did set out on that expedition with the Grand Master, after all.
:'''Glory:''' Please take these Dandelion Seeds to him and tell him that I'm doing well. And then... remind him to take good care of himself.
:;(Obtain [[Glory's Dandelion Seeds]] ×1)

;(Talk to Glory again)
:'''Glory:''' I do hope Godwin is alright...
----
;(Talk to Godwin)
:'''Godwin:''' Traveler, did you meet Glory?
:'''Godwin:''' How is she? Is she well? Was she injured? Is she&mdash; Well, yes, I know that she's been in the city this entire time, but still&mdash;!
:{{DIcon}} She sent you some Dandelion Seeds.
:'''Godwin:''' Dandelion Seeds... That's just like her. *sigh* I hope she's not angry with me.
:'''Godwin:''' Thank you for helping me this time as well. Please, take these.
:'''Godwin:''' *sigh* If only the Grand Master could return right now &mdash; this problem would be solved in no time at all.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Thoughts Carried On the Wind
|zhs     = 风带来的思念
|zhs_rm  = Fēng Dàilái de Sīniàn
|zht     = 風帶來的思念
|zht_rm  = Fēng Dàilái de Sīniàn
|zh_tl   = Thoughts Brought by the Wind
|ja      = 風がもたらした思い
|ja_rm   = Kaze ga Motarashita Omoi
|ja_tl   = Thoughts Brought by the Wind
|ko      = 바람이 가져온 그리움
|ko_rm   = Barami Gajyeoon Geurium
|ko_tl   = Longing Brought by the Wind
|es      = Pensamientos llevados por el viento
|es_tl   = Thoughts Carried On the Wind
|fr      = Pensées portées par le vent
|fr_tl   = Thoughts Carried by the Wind
|ru      = Мысли, унесённые ветром...
|ru_tl   = Thoughts Carried On the Wind...
|th      = สายลมแห่งห้วงคำนึง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ngọn Gió Mang Theo Nỗi Nhớ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Vom Wind getragene Gedanken
|de_tl   = Thoughts Carried by the Wind
|id      = Angin Membawa Rindu
|id_tl   = Yearning Carried by the Wind
|pt      = Pensamentos Carregados no Vento
|pt_tl   = Thoughts Carried On the Wind
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ru:Мысли, унесенные ветром...]]