{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Lore
|type2        = Factions
}}
The '''thousand winds''', also called the '''thousand threads''',<ref name="springs">{{Ref/Book|Springs of Hidden Jade|quote=As for her, she had no choice but to be trapped within the shell of the starry sky, forced to tarry within this stagnant, foreign land, awaiting her mother's thousand threads [...]}}</ref> is a term that has appeared in legends and historical texts of [[Mondstadt]], [[Liyue]], [[Sumeru]], and [[Enkanomiya]]. It has been used to refer to the following:
#[[Istaroth]], the Ruler of Time, also known as "the thousand winds of time" or simply "the thousand winds."<ref name="HSiB">{{Ref/Item|Hydrological Studies in Byakuyakoku}}</ref>
#Personifications of the winds that protect Mondstadt, including [[Barbatos]].<ref name="atlas">{{Ref/Weapon|Skyward Atlas}}</ref><ref name="Venti3">{{Ref/CS|Venti|3}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Should You Be Trapped in a Windless Land (Quest)}}</ref>
#The concept of [[erosion]], given the name "Ad Oblivione" by the [[Aranara]] [[Aranaga]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Final Chapter}}</ref>

==Overview==
Sources differ on what exactly the thousand winds encompass or represent. In Enkanomiya beliefs, Istaroth is the personification of "undying wind," and the phrases "the thousand winds of time" and "the thousand winds" refer to her and the power of wind.<ref name="HSiB" />

In Mondstadt, where worship of Istaroth seems to have faded out and been forgotten, "the thousand winds" is currently interpreted as the literal winds and clouds in northern [[Teyvat]], each of which were allegedly given names and personalities through the Cloud Atlas and serve as Mondstadt's protectors.<ref name="atlas" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Skyward Spine}}</ref> [[Venti]] was originally a "single thread of the thousand winds" before he amassed power and eventually rose to godhood and the position of [[Archon]] as Barbatos.<ref name="Venti3" /> Venti's power over wind is referred to, both by himself and by various descriptions in the game, as calling on the power of the thousand winds.<ref name="atlas" /><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Dragon Storm}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Skyward Harp}}</ref>

The [[Thousand Winds Temple]], on the other hand, preserved some of the worship of the "god of Time"; the carvings on the sundials at the Thousand Winds Temple and the [[Nameless Island]] leave messages associated with both the god of Time and the god of Anemo.<ref>Thousand Winds Temple, Interactable: [[Thousand Winds Temple#Interactables|Carving Marks]]</ref> This is also confirmed with the [[Ragged Notebook (Time and Wind)|Ragged Notebook]] written by [[Henry Morton]]'s missing friend, and the weapons in the [[Sacrificial Series]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Sacrificial Bow|quote=On the cliff facing the eastern sea, the ancestors worshipped the masters of Time and Anemo together.<br>The two are intimately related, as expressed in the saying, "Anemo brings stories while Time nurtures them."}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Sacrificial Fragments}}</ref>

==Other Known Usages==
* The nameless wind spirit that aided the [[Gunnhildr Clan]] when they were outside of [[Decarabian]]'s city.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Biography of Gunnhildr}}</ref>
* A wind spirit that took the form of a fox and accidentally created the first wine of Mondstadt.<ref>{{Ref/Book|A Drunkard's Tale|4}}</ref>
* The mother of the white-haired, golden eyed [[adeptus]] that appears in both ''[[Moonlit Bamboo Forest]]'' and ''[[Springs of Hidden Jade]]''.<ref name="springs"/>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Thousand Winds
|zhs     = 千风
|zhs_rm  = Qiānfēng
|zht     = 千風
|zht_rm  = Qiānfēng
|zh_tl   = Thousand Winds
|ja      = 千風
|ja_rm   = Senpuu
|ja_tl   = Thousand Winds
|ko      = {{tt|천풍|千風}}
|ko_tl   = Thousand Winds
|es      = Mil Vientos
|es_tl   = Thousand Winds
|fr      = Mille Vents
|fr_tl   = Thousand Winds
|ru      = Тысяча ветров
|ru_tl   = Thousand Winds
|th      = Thousand Winds
|vi      = {{tt|Thiên Phong|千風}}
|vi_tl   = Thousand Winds
|de      = Tausend Winde
|de_tl   = Thousand Winds
|id      = Thousand Winds
|pt      = Ventos Milenares
|pt_tl   = Millennial Winds
|tr      = Bin Rüzgar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mille Venti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[es:Mil Vientos]]
[[ja:千風]]
[[vi:Thiên Phong]]