{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02003
|image         = Archon Quest C2A1 Three Wishes.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia
|part          = 4
|description   = Setting foot on Inazuma's main island &mdash; [[Narukami Island]] &mdash; for the first time, you carry your Invitation Letter to [[Komore Teahouse]], not knowing what might happen next...
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = Ritou Escape Plan
|next          = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|exp           = 650
|mora          = 31,125
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Kamisato Ayaka; Kozue; Paimon; Taroumaru; Thoma; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Three Wishes|chapter=2|act=1|part=4}}

==Steps==
#Go to [[Komore Teahouse]]
#Enter Komore Teahouse
#Go to the Statue of the Omnipresent God
#Go to the [[Kamisato Estate]]
<!--
==Notes==
Any notes that will help complete the quest
-->

==Achievements==
* Finishing the cutscene at the statue will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[The Aspirations of All]]."
* Completing the quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[The Princess Behind the Curtain]]."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
===Komore Teahouse===
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to the letter, this should be the place.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 kozue 01.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' Sorry, we don't serve the general public. I'm afraid you'll have to leave.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! We're not the general public...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 kozue 02.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' Well then... you must be a couple of wandering outlanders that snuck into the nation... judging by your attire.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are our clothes really so&mdash; oh! Uh... What Paimon means to say is&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Here's our [[Komore Teahouse Invitation Letter|Invitation Letter]].
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 kozue 03.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' Hmm, the [[Yashiro Commission]]'s seal... this must be from Mr. Thoma. It seems there's more to you than meets the eye.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 kozue 04.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' In which case, welcome to the Komore Teahouse, a safe haven for the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that sounds more like it.

;(Talk to Kozue again)
:{{A|vo dqaq004 1 kozue 05.ogg}} '''Kozue:''' It's been quite some time since I've seen anyone show up with a new Invitation Letter. I wish you two luck.
----
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, now that we're here, where's Thoma?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Paimon doesn't see him anywhere, do you think he forgot his promise to meet us?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Who forgot their promise? I was beginning to think you'd forgotten about me!
;'''''(A dog squats on the counter, and it is at this moment that you hear Thoma's voice...)'''''
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Wh&mdash;What!? Is that dog talking to us!?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Hahaha, relax, no need to look so surprised. I take it this is the first time you've seen me in this form?
:{{DIcon}} So you're a... dog?
:{{DIcon}} Where did the human&mdash;looking Thoma go?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Huh, so you didn't see anything like this when you were in Liyue Harbor?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, now that you mention it, this does suddenly seem less out of the ordinary...
:{{DIcon}} But it still doesn't really add up...
:{{DIcon}} I know a dog when I see one.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hahaha. Alright, alright, I've had my fun.
;'''''(Thoma walks out from behind the counter...)'''''
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! You're this close to getting an ugly nickname, mister!
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hehe, well, I've had some time to kill, given that I've been waiting here for you for so long... as was the case in Ritou...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So I came up with this little fun greeting for when you arrived.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But, in all seriousness, I would like to apologize about that little "test" you went through earlier. Though it was quite necessary...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It helped us determine whether or not to bring you before Miss Kamisato, and whether you had the courage to face the lightning alongside us.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph. Don't think that Paimon's gonna forgive you just because you're getting all serious now!
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha... Sorry, did I overdo it? My apologies.
:{{DIcon}} So, how did we do in our "test"?
:{{DIcon}} "The courage to face the lightning"...?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let me just say this, you've often found yourself skirting "the rules" from the very beginning, haven't you?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Naturally, this is due to your unwavering and resolute determination.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' A long time ago, we had a friend who was much the same... but when the lightning struck...
:{{DIcon}} You mean [[Kazuha's friend]]...
:{{DIcon}} You mean he died in a duel before the throne...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ah, so you've heard of his story, hmm...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' His light still burns all the more brightly...
:{{DIcon}} So will we be allowed to meet the [[Shirasagi Himegimi]]?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yes, of course. I will bring you to the Kamisato residence, where the Yashiro Commission is located.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But before that, there is one other place I was hoping you both would accompany me to.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Where?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 2 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I would like you to come with me to the [[Statue of the Omnipresent God]]. It's still under construction now, but you can already see it from practically anywhere on Narukami Island.

===Statue of the Omnipresent God===
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This area sure feels gloomy. People probably don't come here often, do they?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, are Paimon's eyes playing tricks, or are there things embedded in the statue...?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' [[Vision]]s.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Visions! You mean all the Visions that are collected from the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] are put into this statue!?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So you've already heard of the Vision Hunt Decree.
:{{DIcon}} Why did the shogun issue the Vision Hunt Decree?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Before I try to explain, I should perhaps remind you first that Mondstadt is the City of Freedom, and Liyue is the City of Contracts...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' As for Inazuma... It's known as the Nation of Eternity.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The Raiden Shogun is both the nation's most powerful ruler, and its deity.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The "eternity" in question... is her endless and unchanging will to rule over Inazuma.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' As such, she relies on the Tri&mdash;Commission to regulate the nation's affairs, and the Sakoku Decree to limit the people's movement.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The shogun wishes to keep Inazuma in stasis, allowing the stream of time to flow from one end to the other without disturbing it, for all time.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like every god has their own will...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Of course, this is my own limited understanding. As for the reason behind the recent Vision Hunt Decree...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Perhaps the shogun believes that Visions grant people the power to change, and that her eternity doesn't allow for such instability to exist.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Whatever the case, the fact is that the Raiden Shogun has dispatched the Tenryou Commission to scour the nation for Visions, embedding each one in this statue...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' ... and this Statue of the Omnipresent God can be seen as Inazuma's symbol of eternity.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if that's the case, wouldn't you say that the [[Raiden Shogun]] is being... I don't know, selfish?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, only outlanders such as yourselves would ever dare speak out so directly against the Raiden Shogun.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' And yet... I agree. The Vision Hunt Decree is something that simply should not exist, and Miss Kamisato has been committed to fighting it since the day it was announced.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? (Traveler), are you okay? You look like your mind is elsewhere.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 statue 01.ogg}} '''''(As you touch the statue, many voices and sounds rush into your ears...)'''''
:{{DIcon}} What was that... sound just now?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sound? What sound? I didn't hear anything... did something happen?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you touched the statue, and then... and then what?
:{{DIcon}} I could hear the sound of... people's aspirations.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' "Aspirations"?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hmm... That would seem to confirm the saying.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Have you heard it before? That when a person's ambition reaches a certain strength, the gods look upon them with favor.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That is where Visions come from... In other words, a person's Vision represents their ambition.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 20.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So, if what you just said is true...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 21.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' ...then the ambitions of these people are stronger than I imagined.
:{{DIcon}} So a Vision symbolizes ambition, and not power...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 thoma 22.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright. Time for the next stop on our tour of Narukami Island: the Kamisato residence.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, finally!

===Kamisato Estate===
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this is the kind of place where the big shots of Inazuma live, huh? Paimon kinda expected it to be... snazzier.
:{{DIcon}} It's hard to top the [[Jade Chamber]].
:{{DIcon}} It's hard to top the [[Dawn Winery]].
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Welcome, at last, to the Kamisato residence, honored guests. Miss Kamisato is delighted to finally meet you.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this the Shirasagi Himegimi you keep going on about? So, uh, where's she at?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ahem...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... uh, behind the screen?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yes, haha, as the daughter of the Yashiro Commission, this is how Miss Kamisato is accustomed to receiving guests.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Consider it a time&mdash;honored tradition within the Yashiro Commission. Forgive me if this is an unwelcome surprise.
:{{DIcon}} I think I understand.
:{{DIcon}} (This is slightly anticlimactic...)
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Makes sense, she's a super&mdash;important person after all.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please forgive my lack of courtesy for receiving you in this fashion... especially following such a long and wearisome journey over the sea.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I have awaited your arrival with great anticipation, and Thoma assures me that you do indeed possess the power to change the tide of the times.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' At present in Inazuma, in the name of the Vision Hunt Decree, the people's aspirations are being senselessly trampled underfoot.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Though the Yashiro Commission serves the shogun, it is the people with whom we share close bonds, given the contact we are required to have with them in the performance of our duties.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' A commission's power rises and falls with the trust of their people. Thus, we cannot remain indifferent to this situation without also remaining indifferent to our own fate.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, lend us your power, and we can&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} I'm just here to meet the Raiden Shogun.
:{{DIcon}} I did not come to start a rebellion.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' See, milady, it's just like I said... this will take us nowhere...
:{{DIcon}} I'm going to leave now.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' No, please... wait! Please... Don't go...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} What?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I will introduce you to the Raiden Shogun, on one condition... You must fulfill three small wishes on my behalf.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What are your wishes?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' They pertain to three whose Visions were taken from them... Perhaps once you've met them, you will understand...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A warrior who guards a village, a former samurai who helped carry out the Vision Hunt Decree, and a swordmaster determined to become the best in the world... Does Paimon got that right?
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Correct. Please do all you can to help them. I will await your return here.
:{{DIcon}} I will do as you wish.
:{{DIcon}} This is a tall order...
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe... Then, you have my gratitude.
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm sure you'll do great.

;(Talk to Thoma again)
:{{A|vo dqaq004 4 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Miss Kamisato's left, it seems. No cutting corners, now, okay?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Three Wishes
|zhs     = 三个心愿
|zhs_rm  = Sānge Xīnyuàn
|zht     = 三個心願
|zht_rm  = Sānge Xīnyuàn
|zh_tl   = Three Wishes
|ja      = 3つの願い
|ja_rm   = Mittsu no Negai
|ja_tl   = Three Wishes
|ko      = 세 개의 소원
|ko_rm   = Se Gae-ui Sowon
|ko_tl   = Three Wishes
|es      = Los tres deseos
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Trois souhaits
|fr_tl   = Three Wishes
|ru      = Три желания
|ru_tl   = Three Wishes
|th      = ความปรารถนาสามประการ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Three Desires
|vi      = Ba Tâm Nguyện
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Drei Wünsche
|de_tl   = Three Wishes
|id      = Tiga Permintaan
|id_tl   = Three Wishes
|pt      = Três Sonhos
|pt_tl   = Three Dreams
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[Category:Archon Chapter 2]]
[[pt-br:Três Sonhos]]