{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01012
|image         = Archon Quest C1A2 Three Poignant Perfumes.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = II
|act           = Farewell, Archaic Lord
|part          = 3
|description   = [[Zhongli]] isn't concerned with the deicide itself, but with upholding Liyue's sacred traditions by giving a proper farewell to an archaic lord. Having selected a suitable batch of [[Noctilucous Jade]], your next task is to prepare some perfumes as an offering to the Geo Archon.
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Moonfinger
|next          = The Realm Within
|exp           = 525
|mora          = 19,125
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|7}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Bolai;Lan;Paimon;Qiming;Traveler;Ying'er;Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|2|part=3}}
==Steps==
# Go and buy [[Silk Flower]]s
# Seek Lan's advice
# Seek Qiming's advice
# Seek Ying'er's advice
# Rendezvous with Ying'er
# Fetch some water
# Talk to Ying'er
# Grind the Silk Flowers to extract the essence
#* Use the Crafting Bench for this.
# Give the Silk Flower Essence to Ying'er
# Offer the perfumes to the Statue of the Seven

==Achievements==
*Completing this quest will award the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[That Smells Divine]]."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Bolai)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey boss. Do you sell Silk Flowers here?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 01.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Silk Flowers? We certainly do! Which kind would you like?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Which kind...? The, uh... the good kind. The best kind. ...Remind Paimon what kinds there are again?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 02.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Ugh. You ignorant shoppers, always coming in here with your stupid questions...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Golden House Maiden, Valley Weaver, and Fate's Yearning. One of each to start with, if you don't mind.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 03.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' ...My goodness! This gentleman is quite the connoisseur!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 04.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' You two must be his servants. Please refrain from any further attempts to contribute.
:{{DIcon}} Well, guess I had it coming...
:{{DIcon}} This is what I get for calling Paimon "emergency food."
:{{DIcon}} Wait... You don't even recognize me!?
::{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 04a.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' I'm sorry? Ah, yes... We've met before, haven't we? Sorry, Traveler, I shouldn't have spoken to you in that tone.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 05.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Now then... Please peruse at your leisure. Do let me know if you have any further thoughts.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Silk Flowers exhibit different properties based on how their environmental conditions differ from their ancestral habitat... Nevertheless, these are fine specimens. Excellently preserved.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Just look at the abundant foliage here. And these stamens, glamorous as a maiden of the Golden House. This strain is an evergreen, and mostly grows under complex hydrological conditions.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' By contrast, this variety thrives in any dark, damp location, often in large clusters. Morphologically, it is distinguished by the profusion of petals and densely packed stamens, though its powerful scent gives it away just as easily.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Lastly, this strain is quite the recluse. Unlike its exuberant cousins, flowers and foliage are minimal, and when in season, it has a subtle yet enduring scent. It was first discovered by the ancients when they scaled the mountains in search of the [[adepti]].
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Silk Flowers have all but disappeared from the wild today, due to geographical changes over Liyue's history. Most are now grown by horticulturalists.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 06.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Wow. A true connoisseur. Most of that was news even to me!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I possess but a smattering of trivial knowledge. My traveler friend is the one to watch &mdash; they are on track to set foot in every corner of the world.
:{{DIcon}} What's so impressive about that...
:{{DIcon}} I'm still an ignoramus on horticulture...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mr. Zhongli, you're way too humble... So which Silk Flower did you want, anyway?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I'll take them all, boss.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Again!?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' How can I put this... When purchasing opera tickets, it is natural to decide based on which singer has the most melodious voice. The same logic applies when purchasing a pet bird.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But this Silk Flower purchase is not an analogous case. The same logic does not apply.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Perhaps you don't know. Tradition states that we should decoct perfume from different sub-species of Silk Flower when making an offering to a Statue of The Seven. [[Rex Lapis]] will then make his own choice between the scents.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Like several other tedious and complicated traditions, this one has become simplified over time.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But this is the only [[Rite of Parting]] to take place for one of The Seven in three thousand seven hundred years. As such, I do think we should honor tradition down to the last detail in this case.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Now that's settled, a question... Ahem. Do you have any Mora on you?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You forgot to bring money again!? Grr, Zhongli!!!
:{{DIcon}} I see a pattern emerging here.
:{{DIcon}} By this point, I'd be more surprised if he'd remembered.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 07.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' If I may interject... Did I hear you say that these flowers are to be an offering to the Lord of Geo himself?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yes... in a sense.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 08.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Gosh. Well, why didn't you say so? I heard the awful news about what happened at this year's Rite of Descension...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 09.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' It would be bad luck to say it out loud. But I've been worried about our dear Lord ever since... I'm worried that everything I've heard is true...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 10.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Since these flowers will be used to glorify our Lord, they're free of charge. Just don't forget to pass on my regards.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you serious?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 11.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Why wouldn't I be? I would be nobody if not for Rex Lapis!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 12.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' If he hadn't written those poems in praise of my wares, they'd only be worth a fraction of what I can sell them for today...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... So much folklore here revolves around Liyue's deity making cameo appearances in support of local businesses...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 15.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...Thank you, boss. I think I speak for all of us when I say that your generosity has saved our skins.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Our" skins? You were the one who forgot to bring money!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 bolai 13.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' Please. It's the least I could do.
;(Discuss the method for making perfume)
----
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So now that we've got the flowers, how do we make the perfume?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 16.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ideally, with the help of an expert. Unfortunately, none of my acquaintances have personal experience in the art of decoction...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Talk about first-world problems...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 17.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hence, I need you to help by asking around in the city. Try the common folk, especially women.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this time we get to go around town looking for nice-smelling ladies to talk to? Paimon likes this job!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 1 zhongli 18.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I will wait for you near the Statue of The Seven. Meet me there when the perfume is ready.
:;(After the conversation)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe we can find some good candidates at the Adventurers' Guild?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's ask {{Color|buzzword|Lan}}. She's master of the Liyue branch, right?
:;(Obtain [[Golden House Maiden]] ×1, [[Valley Weaver]] ×1, [[Fate's Yearning]] ×1)

;(Talk to Bolai again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 bolai 01.ogg}} '''Bolai:''' May the rumors be false, and Rex Lapis be well...
----
;(Talk to Lan)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lan! We need to ask you for a favor...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 01.ogg}} '''Lan:''' I stopped accepting commissions along time ago. Sorry, you two, but you'll just have to ask another adventurer.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's not that kind of favor. It's just a teeny-tiny thing...
:{{DIcon}} Do you know how to make perfume?
::{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 02a 1.ogg}} '''Lan:''' ...Wow. Just wow.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 02a 2.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Do I look like the kind of girl who wears perfume to you? I think you're underestimating the kind of person I am...
:{{DIcon}} You smell great.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 02b 1.ogg}} '''Lan:''' ...Wow. Just wow.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 02b 2.ogg}} '''Lan:''' I am just going to assume that you are either joking or being sarcastic.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 02b 3.ogg}} '''Lan:''' To be fair, I put a lot of effort into my appearance for someone who spends all their time in the great outdoors. But "I smell great"? Don't be ridiculous.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon thinks you smell amazing! So come on Lan, what's your secret? If not perfume?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 03.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Now that you mention it... Yes, there is something. What is that scent?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 04.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Oh, it must be from the [[Qingxin]] flowers I picked on the way back. I forgot I still had them with me...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aha! The truth is out, Lan's got a soft spot for wildflowers!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 05.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Ahh... No, they were for medicinal use only.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 lan 06.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Anyway, this is a pointless conversation. If you want to know about perfume, try talking to {{Color|buzzword|Qiming}}.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The fortune teller, right? Paimon remembers she smells pretty good!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, Lan! See you around~

;(Talk to Lan again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 lan 01.ogg}} '''Lan:''' Oh? Not going to look for Qiming yet?
----
;(Talk to Qiming)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 01.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' Hello. How may I help?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've come to ask you a question...
:{{DIcon}} Do you know how to make perfume?
::{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 02a.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' Perfume? I rarely think to use it, let alone about how to make it myself.
:{{DIcon}} You smell great.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 02b 1.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' Ah... I...
::{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 02b 2.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' ...Sorry, you caught me off guard. Most people aren't so direct.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 02b 3.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' I think we need more time to get to know each other...
::{{A|vo lyaq103 3 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... We just wanted to know what perfume you normally use.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 02b 4.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' Oh... Ahem. Well. I don't actually use any.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 03.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' That said, some of the cosmetics I use are scented. Perhaps that's the cause of this confusion.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 04.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' Since I usually set up my stall by the docks, I avoid perfume like the plague. Because [[Celestia]] forbid those lusty sailors catch a whiff and come hunting for the source!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's the worst thing Paimon's heard all day.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 05.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' While we're on the subject, have you never heard anyone mention Ying'er's homemade perfume?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ying'er... Oh, as in {{Color|buzzword|Scent of Spring}} Ying'er?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 qiming 06.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' Yes, that's her. Many a rich family's daughter has gotten her to make perfume for them. Apparently, her homemade product is better than anything you'll find on the market.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great, this is just the intel we need! Finally, we're getting somewhere.

;(Talk to Qiming again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 qiming 01.ogg}} '''Qiming:''' If you have the time, come and have your fortune told down by the harbor. I'll give you a special price.
----
;(Talk to Ying'er)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Well hello... You found me at last. I've been waiting for you.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? How did you know we were coming?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Oh, I heard a rumor about a couple who were snooping around town looking for a sweet-smelling lady...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Actually, I was starting to worry you wouldn't find me. This is the ultimate test of my appeal, after all...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Snooping around"? Why are you making it out like we're bad people?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' What can I say? People love to talk... Maybe you ought to be more discreet in the future if you don't want word to get around.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 05.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Relax... I know what you're here. You want to get your hands on my homemade perfume, don't you? What kind would you like?
:{{DIcon}} A bespoke triple-Silk-flower variety...
:{{DIcon}} Whichever one you're wearing.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 06b 1.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Heh... I'm not wearing any, darling.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 06b 2.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Could it be that you've been bewitched by my natural scent? If so, I'm afraid it's one of a kind...
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whatever this is, you need to snap out of it right now! (Traveler), Hand<!--it's capitalized in-game--> her the Silk Flowers!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 07.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Three in one go... My goodness.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 08.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You have extreme tastes for someone your age. Maybe the rumors I heard were true after all. You're on the prowl and need some sweet-smelling ammunition, is that it?
:{{DIcon}} It's for Rex Lapis.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 09a.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Tsk... Is that the best you could come up with? Even if you were genuinely offering perfume to a deity, that doesn't explain why you'd need three kinds. Sorry, you story just doesn't hold water!
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Zhongli was right... People don't remember this tradition anymore.
:{{DIcon}} You got a problem with that?
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 09b.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Ay yai yai, who let this tiger out of the cage!? Well, with your looks, who can blame you? If you've got it, flaunt it.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 10.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' As one of my favorite poems goes, "Oh, cherry tree, begrudge not thy blossoms as they are deflowered in the spring, for come winter, even thy sturdiest wood shall wither."
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That went over Paimon's head a little...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 11.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' In short, I'm happy to help. Traveler, you can be my assistant. But you'd better make sure I'm the only person on your mind while you're hanging around with me.
:{{DIcon}} Okay...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 12.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' So... Where is a good place for making sweet, sweet perfume?
:{{DIcon}} Dadaupa Gorge!
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 13a 1.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Where is that? Mondstadt? We're only making some perfume, there's not need to go to such ridiculous lengths.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 13a 2.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Somewhere closer to home will do. Let's go for the kitchen at the {{Color|buzzword|Wanmin Restaurant}}.
:{{DIcon}} How about the kitchen at Xiangling's place...
::{{A|vo lyaq103 4 yinger 13b.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You mean {{Color|buzzword|Wanmin Restaurant}}? Good choice! Let's go.
----
;(Talk to Ying'er at Wanmin Restaurant)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 5 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' I've had a word with [[Chef Mao]]. We can start work now.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 5 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Are you ready to please me?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What did you say?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 5 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' I meant make me proud. As my assistant. Obviously.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 5 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' While I'm setting up, you can go and fetch some water.

;(Talk to Ying'er again before getting water)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Have you fetched the water? ...No?
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Have a look {{Color|buzzword|behind Wanmin Restaurant}}. Chef Mao is a professional chef, he must keep a store of pure water.

;(Talk to Ying'er after getting some water)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 6 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' This water will do nicely.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 6 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Now, I need you to extract the Silk Flower essence using a crafting bench.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 6 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Perfume-making uses an altogether different technique from alchemy. Here, let me teach you. Very carefully, take hold of the mortar and pestle... Gently does it...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 6 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You need to keep your wrist firm so your hand doesn't slip...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 6 yinger 05.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Now, use your strong hand to stir it with a persistent rhythm... Keep going until the juices start to come out...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I know what I'm doing.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, okay, I get it...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 6 yinger 06.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Ooh... You're a natural! Like a fish to water.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 6 yinger 07.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Now, take these and try it out on your own using a nearby {{Color|buzzword|crafting bench}}.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 6 yinger 08.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Don't forget to do all three. They look visually identical during the essence extraction process, but I will put them into separate containers when the perfume is ready.

;(Talk to Ying'er again before crafting all three)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Well, aren't you going to try it out? Has the crafting bench broken?
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Or would you prefer some... hands-on guidance for your first time...?
----
;(Return to Ying'er after making [[Fate's Yearning Essential Oil]] ×1, [[Golden House Maiden Essential Oil]] ×1, and [[Valley Weaver Essential Oil]] ×1)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 01.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Wow, this is some exquisite Silk Flower Essence. Onto the next stage, the most important one of all...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 02.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' The essence is placed into water and simmered over low heat until most of the water has boiled off.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 03.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' You must take care to control the heat during this process. If the temperature goes too high, it will affect the scent.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 04.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' So please, focus on controlling the heat. This is the final step.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 05.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Don't waste a drop of that essence, now. We want all of it in there.

:'''''With a little guidance, you help Ying'er make some perfume.'''''

:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 06.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' All three perfumes are ready. And you, my friend, were a wonderful assistant.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 07.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' A testament to the lengths you will go for romance... It's so rare to see nowadays.
:{{DIcon}} I told you, it's not like that...
:{{DIcon}} I was thinking of you the whole time.
::{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 08b 1.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Wow, you actually remembered my throwaway comment...
::{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 08b 2.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Y'know, you're cuter than people give you credit for. If I didn't have my guard up, I can see how easily one could be taken in...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 09.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Anyway... Shall I give you a brief overview of each scent? It might just help you match the right scent to the right occasion...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to hear this!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 10.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' This first one is sweet as candy, straight out of a fairy tale... Younger women will love it.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 11.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' The second one is for those with refined tastes... The first choice for daughters of high society.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 12.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Finally, the third one has a soft by lingering scent, like a mist that captures the last light of dusk. Mature women adore this one.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 13.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' All clear? Don't get them mixed up now, you'll ruin the mood...
:{{DIcon}} I... I think I got it...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 14.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Good. Be sure to come visit if you ever need help with anything, okay?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 15.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' I'll leave you with some parting words:
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 16.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' One who tries to sail three boats simultaneously should be careful not to go overboard.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 yinger 17.ogg}} '''Ying'er:''' Heh. Come and hang out with me at Scent of Spring sometime, okay?
:;(After the conversation)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take these three perfumes over to the {{Color|buzzword|Statue of the Seven}}. Mr. Zhongli's probably been waiting for a while.
----
;(Talk to Zhongli)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've brought the perfumes, Mr. Zhongli!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did we take too long? You were just staring up at the statue...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh, you're back. Don't worry, I haven't waited long.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Compared to the watch that Rex Lapis' statues have kept over Liyue, this was but a brief moment.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha, well, how can a person compete with a statue?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That is true. Well, have you brought the perfumes?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Three sets and not one less!
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Thank you both. Let us offer them up.
:{{DIcon}} Offer Golden House Maiden
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is the first kind of perfume. Ms. Ying'er said that it's sweet as a dream, and it's liked by younger ladies.
:{{DIcon}} Offer Valley Weaver
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is the second kind. It's got an elegant smell, and the daughters of high society love it!
:{{DIcon}} Offer Fate's Yearning
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The third kind has a gentle but lingering fragrance, something something like the dusk mist, and it's a favorite of mature ladies.
:;(Statue glows)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... what was that?
:{{DIcon}} Looks like Rex Lapis really likes this one.
:{{DIcon}} I guess the final answer is number three.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's the one older ladies like, right?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does that mean that Rex Lapis is actually an older lady?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha, perhaps, perhaps.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Rex Lapis has taken on countless forms. Perhaps that really was one of them.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a shame, we only got to see the giant dragon form, and...
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's hope the Qixing can catch the real killer.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We can leave that to the authorities. Let us focus on the fond farewell for Rex Lapis.
:{{DIcon}} (What ulterior motives do Childe and the Qixing have...)
:{{DIcon}} (Well, we do need to see the Exuvia...)
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, we've finished another step in our preparations. What's next?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Next, I would like the two of you to help me borrow the [[Cleansing Bell]].
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Cleansing Bell?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' At present, a friend of mine named Madame Ping is the guardian of the Cleansing Bell. She lives near Yujing Terrace. If you ask her, she will know what to do.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure, but... aren't you going to come with us?
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Ah, I have certain reasons why I cannot be there in person. Please do this for me.
:{{A|vo lyaq103 8 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Man, why's he got to be so secretive this time?

;(Talk to Zhongli again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I apologize, but I won't be able to come with you this time.
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq103 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Once you've acquired the Cleansing Bell, meet me at {{Color|buzzword|Yujing Terrace}}.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* For this quest, Lan will be found to the right of the Adventurers' Guild bulletin board, closer to [[Katheryne]]. Normally, she is on the other side.
*Completing Act I, Part II of Xingqiu's [[Story Quest]] [[Fabulae Textile Chapter]] adds a dialogue option when speaking to Bolai for [[Silk Flower]]s.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Three Poignant Perfumes
|zhs     = 传香
|zhs_rm  = Chuán Xiāng
|zht     = 傳香
|zht_rm  = Chuán Xiāng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 香り
|ja_rm   = Kaori
|ja_tl   = Fragrance
|ko      = 퍼지는 향기
|ko_rm   = Peojineun Hyanggi
|ko_tl   = Spreading Scents
|es      = Fragancias rituales
|es_tl   = Ritual Fragrances
|fr      = Baumes en tout genre
|fr_tl   = Balms of All Kinds
|ru      = Три божественных аромата
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = น้ำหอมกลิ่นฉุนสามชนิด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Three Types of Poignant Perfumes
|vi      = Dâng Hương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Duft für den Gott
|de_tl   = Fragrance for the God
|id      = Tiga Parfum Harum
|id_tl   = Three Fragrant Perfumes
|pt      = Fragrância Divina
|pt_tl   = Divine Fragance
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:Fragancias rituales]]
[[pt-br:Fragrância Divina]]