{{EventTabs|subpage1=Area}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|title                  = Aphotic Diffusal
|type                   = Event
|actType                = Part
|prologue               = Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve
|act1                   = Three Realms Gateway Offering: Part I
|act2                   = Three Realms Gateway Offering: Part II
|act3                   = Three Realms Gateway Offering: Part III
|epilogue               = Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath
|ARprologue             = 30
|archonQuestReqprologue = [[Chapter II]]: Act II - [[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]]
|worldQuestReqprologue  = [[Erebos' Secret]]
}}
''Three Realms Gateway Offering'' is unique in that it requires several permanent [[World Quests]] related to [[Enkanomiya]] to be completed in order to unlock the event.

==Prerequisite Quests==
* [[The Moon-Bathed Deep]]
* [[The Still Water's Flow]]
* [[From Dusk to Dawn in Byakuyakoku]] World Quest Series
* [[Erebos' Secret]] World Quest Series
** [[That Which Our Ancestors Entrusted]] is an event-exclusive World Quest that segues into [[The Three Great Martial Trials]] for players who have not started it before the event began.

==Aphotic Diffusal==
Aphotic Diffusal is the main story of ''Three Realms Gateway Offering'' and consists of five parts:
# [[Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve]]
# [[Three Realms Gateway Offering: Part I]]
# [[Three Realms Gateway Offering: Part II]]
# [[Three Realms Gateway Offering: Part III]]
# [[Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath]]

===The Eve===
During their travels, [[Paimon]] suggest to the [[Traveler]] that they visit [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] as it had been a while since they last set foot on Watatsumi Island. When they arrive at [[Sangonomiya Shrine]], they find her talking with [[Ueno]]. Kokomi is pleased to see the two again and informed them that after performing the [[Watatsumi Goryou Matsuri]] with the [[Bloodbranch Coral]] they obtained, the soil had simply stopped bleaching rather than revert the damage, which should not have been the case.

As such, Kokomi sent the Stingray III division into Enkanomiya to investigate, only to obtain reports that there was an everlasting darkness surrounding Enkanomiya that was empowering the local monsters and [[Shadowy Husks|strange, armored humanoid-like creatures]] had appeared alongside them. In addition, a [[Tsumi|strange shrine maiden]] wearing a mask had appeared and performed a Sentou ceremony protecting the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] from the darkness. Kokomi orders Swordfish I to assist with the evacuation and gives the Traveler a [[Fragmented Accessory]], telling to use it when faced with a difficult decision.

Once inside the Dainichi Mikoshi, the Traveler and Paimon are introduced to the shrine maiden, who introduces herself as Tsumi. As Tsumi tends to the wounded, the Traveler and Paimon decide to get some information on her to see if she would be trustworthy, with one of them, [[Imaizumi]], telling them that Tsumi has snake-like pupils. As they don't have much of a choice, the two return to Tsumi and agree to work with her. Tsumi tells them that to repel the darkness, they would need to repair the three towers to bring back light and hands them the [[Bokuso Box]] to help protect them from the darkness. She also reveals that the person that had caused the situation is an [[Enjou|Abyss adherent]], who the Traveler and Paimon immediately recognize.

===Tower Repairing===
By collecting [[Aphotium Ore]] and [[Tokoyo Legume]]s across Enkanomiya and defeating the strange monsters near the towers for their [[Husk Gem|gems]], the Traveler and Paimon are able to restore the Towers of the Void back to their original forms. After finishing up the last of the towers, they head back to Tsumi.

===Aftermath===
Returning to the Dainchi Mikoshi, Tsumi informs the two that the darkness underneath the Dainichi Mikoshi is filled with an unusual darkness. Having pinpointed the location of the adherent, she directs them there to make him confess as to what is going on. The Traveler and Paimon head to the location and see Enjou, who is surprised to see that they've sided with "them". But because their last experience did not go so well, Enjou suggests they fight so the Traveler could let off some steam.

After defeating Enjou, he reveals that Tsumi is one of the "Vishap-people", a group of vishaps who evolved to imitate humans so they could infiltrate Enkanomiyan society and that he had allied with the vishaps by promising to bring darkness in return for the Abyss Order getting safe passage through their lands. However, the vishaps did not know that abyssal energy was poisonous to them and thus believed that he had betrayed them. He also reveals that the darkness is being used as a rescue operation by their elites to save those trapped inside and that they would seal off the Bloodbranch Coral should they do so, advising that if they were to save Watatsumi Island, they would have to act fast and tells them how to repel the darkness. Before leaving, he gives them an item he found inside, which Paimon recognizes as similar to the one Kokomi gave the Traveler.

Following Enjou's instructions, the Traveler brings back light and ventures inside the Dainchi Mikoshi, fending off the vishap elites before returning up. There, they are met by Tsumi, who wishes to destroy the Dainichi Mikoshi so the vishaps would not suffer anymore. The Traveler gives her the two fragments they acquired, which Tsumi arranges into a pendant. They tell her that she belongs with Watatsumi Island, but she decides to return to the vishaps as they were the ones who raised her. She decides not to destroy the Dainichi Mikoshi, but warns that the vishaps would be back before leaving.

Returning to inform Kokomi of the news, Kokomi states that Tsumi is likely the last Vassal of Watatsumi, a race of human/snake hybrids that were the familiars of Orobashi. She also decides to find another method to counter the bleaching soil now that she knows how the Bloodbranch Coral works so that the people of Watatsumi Island no longer have to disturb the vishaps.

==The Bunkoku Enigma==
{{Main|The Bunkoku Enigma}}
''Summary''

==Story Characters==
===Playable Characters===
*[[Traveler]]
*[[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]

===NPCs===
*[[Paimon]]
*[[Tsuyuko]]

===Event NPCs===
*[[Enjou]]
*[[Tsumi]]
*[[Ueno]]
*[[Yabe]]
*[[Imaizumi]]
*[[Enomoto]]
*[[Kurai]]
*[[Koyanagi]]

==Trivia==
* Although it is recommended to complete Parts I, II, and III in order as that is the easiest to do, players can restore the towers in any order.
** If the second tower (located in Yachimatahime's Locus) is restored before the completion of Part I, which requires restoration of the first tower (located in Yachimatahiko's Locus), then upon completing Part I, Part II will instantly complete itself. Similarly, if the third tower (located in Kunado's Locus) is restored before the completion of Part II, then upon completing Part II, Part III will instantly complete itself.
** Players cannot lock themselves out of completing Aphotic Diffusal, as the event and exploration provide enough Light Sigils for players to upgrade their Bokuso Box to at least Level 10, which prevents Corrosion in most of the map and greatly slows Corrosion accumulation in the remainder such that players can comfortably explore and defeat enemies with the Bokuso Box in all areas of the map..

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Aphotic Diffusal
|zhs     = 海洲逐雾
|zhs_rm  = Hǎizhōu Zhúwù
|zht     = 海洲逐霧
|zht_rm  = Hǎizhōu Zhúwù
|zh_tl   = Driving Out Fog in the Sea Continent
|ja      = 溟海の霧追い
|ja_rm   = Meikai no Kiri-oi
|ja_tl   = Driving Out Fog in the Great Sea
|ko      = 해주 축무
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La niebla de las profundidades
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Dissipation dans les profondeurs
|fr_tl   = Dissipation in the Depths
|ru      = Ловцы тумана глубин
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ปัดเป่าหมอกใต้ทะเลลึก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Xua Tan Sương Mù
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Nebeljäger in den Meerestiefen
|de_tl   = Fog Chasers in the Ocean Depths
|id      = Mengejar Kabut di Palung Samudra
|id_tl   = Chasing Mist in the Ocean Trench
|pt      = Dispersão Afótica
|pt_tl   = 
}}

[[pt-br:Portal de Oferenda dos Três Reinos/História]]