{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 03024
|image         = Archon Quest Through the Predawn Night.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = III
|act           = Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises
|actNum        = V
|part          = 1
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Alhaitham; Candace; Cyno; Dehya; Gaete; Luxembarbo; Morghi; Judar; Paimon; Rahman; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea       = Aaru Village
|prev          = Secret of the Scorching Desert
|next          = As by a God's Side
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*775;Mora*31,175;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Through the Predawn Night|chapter=3|act=5|part=1}}

==Steps==
# Leave the village chief's house
#Wait until the next day
# Talk to [[Candace]]
# Enter the village chief's house
# Talk to Candace
# Meet up with [[Alhaitham]]
# Go to the [[Eremite]] base
# Go to [[Caravan Ribat]] and meet up with [[Cyno]]
# Talk to the soldiers stationed in Caravan Ribat
# Wait until the appointed time (two days later)
# Go to the east side of the desert
# Help Cyno arrest the Eremites
#* Defeat all enemies within 300 seconds
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Eremite Axe Vanguard;Eremite Sword-Dancer;Eremite Crossbow}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Eremite Linebreaker*2;Eremite Crossbow}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Eremite Crossbow*2;Eremite Axe Vanguard}}
# Talk to Cyno

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 12, Luxembardo, Gaete, and their unnamed colleague will assist the player in combat as an {{Enemy|Eremite Linebreaker}} and two {{Enemy|Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier}}s, respectively. Rahman will be fought as the {{Enemy|Eremite Sword-Dancer}} in the first wave of enemies.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|Eremitis ne credite}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As agreed, you and the others gather in the village chief's house to hold a meeting...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Candace the next day)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Candace! We're here!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Has everyone arrived?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Everyone is already waiting inside.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, what're we waiting for! Let's join them!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Please wait a moment.
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Before attending the meeting, I hope you can promise me one thing.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you need?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 candace 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Promise me that you won't commit to anything too reckless.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... what do you think?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'll try not to.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 1 candace 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Okay...

;(Talk to Candace again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq301 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' They're all waiting for you.
----
;(Enter the village chief's house)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Everyone's here so early! But why isn't anybody talking?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We already discussed things a bit.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Hey, where've you been? I've missed you two!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Are you ready?
:{{DIcon}} We can start now.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Very well.
:{{Black Screen|After some discussion and debates, the group finally works out a detailed plan together.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure this is gonna work?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I gotta admit, it's bold. Color me impressed!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Hm... It's worth a try.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The point of discussion is to arrive at a solution. Let's cut the small talk and move to the next point.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you're making Paimon nervous...
:;(The player is teleported out of the village chief's house)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 01.ogg}} '''Candace:''' You're finally done.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' I have some other stuff to take care of. Catch you all later!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' C'mon, don't gimme that face! I know what you're going to say. I'll be careful.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' That's what I wanted to hear. Take care.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Well, {{Traveler}}, Paimon... Judging from your expressions, the meeting must've been quite productive.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can tell?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 04.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I'm not that good at scheming or strategy, but I can sense people's emotions. And based on your reaction, things must have gone quite well.
:{{DIcon}} We'll make our move on the next Jnagarbha Day.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's a little worried... Hopefully, nothing will go wrong!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 05.ogg}} '''Candace:''' To be honest, I feel the same... But you're already some of the most capable people I know. So, you have my trust.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hoho... Candace gave us a compliment!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 06.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Your deeds speak for themselves.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Candace, we stayed behind to tell you that although you won't be coming with us, we'll be sure to remember your words.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 07.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I'm very glad to hear that.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 08.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I've said the same thing to everyone here today as I said to you when you arrived: Your safety is the most important thing.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 09.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Only when you're safe can the plan be successful. So please, take care.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Candace.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 10.ogg}} '''Candace:''' You're welcome. And thank you for taking my advice.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 3 candace 11.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Good luck... with everything. I'll be here in the village praying for you.

;(Talk to Candace again)
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq301 candace 02.ogg}} '''Candace:''' Stay safe, everyone.
:{{A|vo dialog xmaq301 candace 03.ogg}} '''Candace:''' I'll be here praying for you. Good luck.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|As agreed, you and the others gathered in the village chief's house and worked out a detailed plan to save [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]]. Once the course of action was agreed upon, the group split up to carry out their respective tasks...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Alhaitham and Rahman)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 rahman 01.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' ...Hmm, sounds good. I'll go make some preparations.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Okay.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alhaitham!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Have you finished saying your goodbyes?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, also Candace told everyone to be careful.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes, she did. But I think my point also bears repeating.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Our plan is not child's play. We won't be able to achieve anything if we're simply careful. We must go beyond that and fully commit ourselves to it.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I hope this is clear to you.
:{{DIcon}} I understand and accept.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Shouldn't you be saying something more cheerful to boost our morale right now?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Didn't we already do that during the meeting?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can never have enough words of encouragement!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' In that case, Candace can coddle you to your heart's content, while I continue to remind you of the seriousness of our situation.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We all have our jobs to do, after all. It's like how some people can be put in charge of logistics, while others will fight on the front lines.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Makes sense.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, speaking of the front lines... you don't look anything like a soldier.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Of course. Compared to the mercenaries, I'm merely a feeble scholar.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But the advantage of not being a mercenary is that I get to stay in a safer place and offer my strategic insight.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Just think about that mercenary who lost his mind. Mercenary groups are facing constant danger every single day.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, being a scholar is also a high-risk occupation... And you are a scholar!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm not like the rest of them. Even among members of the same species, some will exhibit far more potential than others.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This guy... Hmph, Paimon still remembers when those mercenaries in [[Port Ormos]] called you a lunatic!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' All intellectuals are lunatics in the eyes of fools. I'll take that as a compliment.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That reminds me...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' {{Traveler}}, do you remember the record we saw in the [[King Deshret]] Ruins? It mentioned forbidden knowledge.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I remember.
::{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 16a 1.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You have a good memory.
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I don't remember anymore.
::{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 16b 1.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Wait... seriously? Remember...? We went into the desert not long ago to exchange hostages with the Eremites. Once we arrived, the ground collapsed due to an earthquake, and we fell into some ruins? Still nothing?
::{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 16b 2.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Come on...! It was a remnant of King Deshret's bygone civilization and we found some messages left by a priest of the King, and learned about the existence of forbidden knowledge.
::{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 08b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! It's all coming back now. Thanks for reminding us.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Forbidden knowledge has the power to drive people insane, but this fact has never been shared with the public. Even I, who has worked in the [[Akademiya]] for some time, was never once informed of this.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I think... those mad scholars and mercenaries we encountered may have all fallen victim to the corrupting qualities of forbidden knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But the Akademiya has always held a different view. They have always believed that symptoms of madness are a side effect of human contact with divine knowledge as mere mortals.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Come to think of it, perhaps the Akademiya has also never understood the true nature of forbidden knowledge, and thus always approached the issue from the wrong direction...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' [[The Withering]], [[Eleazar]], and the sandstorms... Don't you think what is happening right now across Sumeru is rather similar to the forbidden knowledge pollution that occurred in the desert thousands of years ago?
:{{DIcon}} It's definitely possible.
:{{DIcon}} Another occurrence of forbidden knowledge pollution...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... Paimon thought that [[Irminsul]]'s disease is what caused the Withering and the sandstorms.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At least, that was what [[Tighnari]] told us...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second! Could it be that...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Ah, you've connected the dots. The cause of Irminsul's illness may precisely be the pollution from forbidden knowledge.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...B&mdash;But if that's the case, what should we do? This is huge...
:{{DIcon}} We must tell Nahida about this as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Wait, why do you think Lesser Lord Kusanali would have a solution to this situation?
:{{DIcon}} She said the key to saving Irminsul is...
:{{DIcon}} Contained within the remaining consciousness of [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]].
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean, it's related to the scene you saw when you passed out in the [[Avidya Forest]]? That whole "...the world... forget me..." thing?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' In that case, it's imperative that we rescue Lesser Lord Kusanali. Only by working with her to save Irminsul can we completely resolve the problems Sumeru currently faces.
:{{DIcon}} That's right.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' To make sure we're still on track, I would like to check on the state of some of our preparatory work.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Where are we going?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 4 alhaitham 26.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' To an Eremite base.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Ah, they're here.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what are they doing here!?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I gave them some technical work to do.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 morghi 01.ogg}} '''Morghi:''' Oh? It's the Scribe... and is that the Traveler I see?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' How's the work going?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 morghi 02.ogg}} '''Morghi:''' Ah, yes! We have fixed the devices according to your instructions! One of them is already ready for use, while the others are still under repair.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aren't those devices for [[Canned Knowledge]] extraction? What are you doing with those?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' {{Traveler}}, look here.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 03b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Huh! M&mdash;More Canned Knowledge!? Are you going to put more weird stuff into {{Traveler}}'s head again?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' What's that look on your face? Are you scared?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's a little scared, but very very furious!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Hmm. That's an interesting response.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Anyway, we're not going to use this just yet.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' As I mentioned during the meeting, this knowledge capsule contains a decree I drew up in the past. The Akademiya should also have their own copy. And according to the plan we just came up with...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' {{Traveler}}... I want you to record something into this capsule.
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Me?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Do you believe we can save Lesser Lord Kusanali?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I do.
:{{DIcon}} What I may lack in faith, I'll make up with my actions.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Good. Conviction is the most important part of all of this.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Now, please get ready, and put on this device.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You want us to record our conviction into the knowledge capsule?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon is still really worried...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I understand, but trust me, Paimon, this is something we have to do. It's best if you can do as I say.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Because to achieve this impossible task, it sounds like you'll need to fool your own heart first. Although it may feel like a trick, self-encouragement may be the most important tool we have.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Paimon can see the point you're trying to make...
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Please imagine this: We have orchestrated our plan and successfully rescued Lesser Lord Kusanali. As a result, we have changed Sumeru's entire political landscape.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Everything went without a hitch, and everyone recognizes and praises our achievements.
:{{DIcon}} Sure... Okay...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Now, open your eyes.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Here.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's this...?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Read it out loud.
:{{Black Screen|Some stirring words have been written on the note.}}
:{{Black Screen|Although you don't quite understand the purpose of this recording, you still follow Alhaitham's instructions for the sake of the plan.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's done.
:{{DIcon}} What a fascinating experience...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is your head okay? Does anything hurt?
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 22.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' It's just a recording. There should be no negative effects.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, what was the point of doing this? Paimon doesn't get it...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 23.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' And that's perfectly fine. In any case, these capsules aren't meant to be used by you...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 24.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Have you forgotten? Our plan needs to account for those who have long relied on the [[Akasha]].
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 25.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You may find it hard to believe, but for those people, everything the Akasha transmits to them is nothing short of absolute truth.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 26.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Imagine if you've been using a device like the Akasha since the day you were born. And this device has always supported you during times of need...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 27.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' After all that time, what do you think you'd become?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... A fool? A machine?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 28.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' A slave to orders.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 29.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' And that's why rules are so important.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 30.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' In addition, those who understand the rules can delineate boundaries, and identify gray areas.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... but why would you need to identify the gray areas?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 31.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You could say that those kinds of ambiguous zones can be very interesting. One might even say they're advantageous in the right hands...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The things you're interested in are all really out there... Are all Sumeru scholars like this?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 32.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Anyway, that's enough chitchat.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 33.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm going to take those two to work on some small projects. You can head to Caravan Ribat and start preparing for the next step.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Small projects?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 5 alhaitham 34.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' We are going to tinker with the [[Akasha Terminal]] and make a few modifications.
----
;(Approach Cyno and Rahman)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 01.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' I thought we agreed on a plan. How can you go back on your word?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The plan is too radical and carries a high risk for casualties. I've given it a lot of thought, and in the end, I still can't agree to it.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 02.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' But it's still the best plan we have. As a former [[matra]], you of all people should be able to see the bigger picture, and recognize the innate advantages of our plan.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I did, and that's how I saw the danger behind these so-called advantages. Alhaitham's plan is even more radical than I imagined.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Why are you guys arguing?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 03.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' My friend, you're just in time. Why don't you help me persuade Cyno... He's turned against our plan.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' We agreed to work out a plan at the meeting. As mercenaries, you're familiar with the local environment, so you'll take care of the specifics. But then, you went to Alhaitham for suggestions...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Had I known Alhaitham would give you those kinds of suggestions, I would not have agreed to the plan.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 04.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Look, you already know that we're all on the same side here, don't you?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Mercenaries place a lot of importance on their bonds of friendship, but also will not hesitate to make sacrifices if they deem the situation to be sufficiently dire. I'm sorry, but as things stand, I can't accept your principles.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 05.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 06.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Seems you really do understand the ways of the desert.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, this is also something you should know.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Rahman's plan is to have me work with the Caravan Ribat guards in my capacity as a matra. We'll arrest the mercenaries and escort them into Sumeru City.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, how can we work with the guards!?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 07.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' We can't get through that wall easily, remember? Caravan Ribat would never let so many unregistered members of the Eremites enter Sumeru City.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 08.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' My plan will clear us of any possible suspicion, and also let us enter the city as a big group. There is no better way.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' That also sounds like something Alhaitham told you. Am I right?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't Alhaitham know how dangerous this plan is!?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 09.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Of course he does... He told me, "There is no perfect plan, but this can get the job done."
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 10.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' He also said that with the help of Cyno and {{Traveler}}, our chance of success would increase significantly.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 11.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' I never blindly trust anyone, and I've always had a good eye for people. I think he made a number of valid points. It's my own choice to trust you.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' If I make the arrests alone, I can control myself and prevent you from getting hurt, but I can't guarantee that kind of discipline from the guards.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' To make the whole thing more convincing, you'll need to resist to some degree. Casualties are inevitable once push comes to shove.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'm okay with the deaths of enemies, but now that we're allies, I'm against the meaningless loss of our own.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 12.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' ...Haha.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 13.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' I can't believe a matra would actually care about us. I've lived a hard life, and I can say that people like you are hard to come by.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I've always treated my allies with honesty and respect. They have the right to know important things like this.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 14.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' ...Now, you're making this hard for me.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, is there something we can do to help?
:{{DIcon}} If there is no other way...
:{{DIcon}} I can help. I know what I'm doing.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 15.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Haha, I knew you would say that.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We can help "fight" some of the mercenaries, which should reduce the number of times you'll have to struggle directly with the guards. That should help at least a little bit!
:{{DIcon}} We should respect the determination of Rahman and his comrades.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 16.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Cyno, on behalf of my people, I thank you for your kindness. But this is a mission we cannot turn our backs on. We strongly value the lives of our friends, but the goal we are about to achieve is even more important.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 17.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' We have no fear of casualties, because we crave the spoils of victory. So, please lend us your support! We will show you the determination of us desert-dwellers.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Well, now that you've put it that way, I can no longer refuse.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' But remember, you need to follow the plan and not do anything reckless. Candace made it very clear that we can only achieve our goals if we can ensure our safety.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 16.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Since you and I both recognize the significance of this operation, there should be no more animosity between the followers of the Dendro Archon and those of King Deshret. Everyone's life is equally important.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 rahman 18.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Okay, you have a deal. Let's do this for our shared dream!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 6 cyno 17.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The guards should be stationed in the courtyard nearby. You can find them there.
----
;(Approach the guards)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Guards.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 gaete 01.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' General Mahamatra!? T&mdash;To what do we owe the honor?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Keep your voice down.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' This is a secret operation. I'm going to arrest a large criminal gang near this location. According to the Akademiya's Guide and Regulations on Secret Operations, I have the right to ask for the cooperation of Caravan Ribat.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 gaete 02.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' Ah, of course, of course! Mahamatra Cyno's order is the Akademiya's order. Just let us know what you need.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 gaete 03.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' But who exactly are you planning to arrest, and how many people are you expecting? Depending on the scale of this operation, we may need to report it to our superiors.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' They're a squad of Eremites whose number is comparable to [[The Eremites#Ayn Al-Ahmar|Ayn Al-Ahmar]] in Port Ormos. They're involved in the theft and resale of supplies from the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 gaete 04.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' As many as Ayn Al-Ahmar!? This should definitely be classified as a joint operation.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Then I suggest that you report this to your superiors as soon as possible, and treat it as a top-priority desert operation. I will need personnel.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 gaete 05.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' Got it! Please wait a moment. I will contact them immediately.
:{{DIcon}} You look so commanding when you're working.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Because this is work.
:{{DIcon}} You're much more friendly to us.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Because I trust you.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't believe you're still in the mood to chat. This whole thing has Paimon scared stiff!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aren't you even a little worried? What if these guards already know that you have betrayed the Akademiya, and are no longer their General Mahamatra...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even if that guard doesn't know, their superiors might, right?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' We discussed this, remember?
:;(A flashback begins)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Caravan Ribat operation is of great importance. But don't worry, the guards there shouldn't know that Cyno has stepped down.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 dehya 01.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' How can you be so sure?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' First, the other matra still don't know why Cyno has left, which proves that the Akademiya has been covering up the matter.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Second, this is a crucial moment for the Akademiya's god creation plan. If something were to happen to the General Mahamatra, it's bound to attract a lot of unwanted attention.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' No matter how you look at it, they don't seem interested in sharing the news of Cyno's departure.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...A reasonable inference. I agree.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Which brings us to our next issue: I'm sure some of you have been wondering if the prediction function of the Akasha will affect our operation.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The Akasha is still in operation, so I must remain on high alert.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Actually, considering the power of the Akasha, it's quite strange that it hasn't already tried to interfere with my actions.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I've given that a lot of thought. For now, I don't think you'll need to worry.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' If you remember, when you first came to [[Aaru Village]], all your actions and routes were predicted by the Akasha. It even gave that information to those who kidnapped the Village Keepers.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But things like that never happened again after we met up with {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Hm...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' That's true. But why?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Look at it from a different angle. Why do you think the Akasha will predict your actions?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Because my personal data has been entered into the Akasha.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That's true, but, the key to this question is, how well can the Akasha make predictions about a person?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Haven't you ever thought about it? Just how can it do this in the first place?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Because the Akasha controls the entirety of Sumeru.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Akademiya firmly believes that all human actions can be explained through logic.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 13.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' By sorting and analyzing entered data, the Akasha can derive behavioral logic, and predict the actions of those who fit an existing logic model.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 14.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' However, at the risk of sounding like an advocate for fallacies, can everyone truly be considered "logical" at all times?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 15.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Emotions are a part of our behavioral logic. But can you guarantee that every experience of the same joy or pain would be equally intense? How can our feelings and opinions be predictable down to the letter in every single instance?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 16.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 16.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Cyno, in the past, you've always worked alone. In the absence of another person who could sway you or your thoughts, the Akasha could produce predictions that were similar to your real-life behavioral principles.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 17.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Decisive and principled, you were used to solving problems alone. That's why the Akasha could figure you out.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 18.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' But now, you've joined a team. And I believe the Akasha hasn't yet figured out the full composition of it.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 19.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Our thoughts and logic have intermingled, and weaved themselves together to become a complicated, chaotic mess. Any one of us could potentially disagree with another.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 20.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The Akasha lacks data on these interactions, and it's impossible for it to predict your actions in the future based on your decisions in the past. After all, there's probably a limit to just how much we can be modeled or controlled by data.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 alhaitham 21.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' So, in my opinion, you're probably safe for now.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 dehya 02.ogg}} '''Dehya:''' Makes sense to me, I agree. The Akasha is not alive, and I don't think we can be completely controlled by something without a mind of its own.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 17.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Hm, is that so.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 18.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I guess there are things that even the Akasha cannot calculate, and people will not be forever trapped by the past.
:;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... Paimon's so glad that this is settled!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 19.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Next time, pay attention during our meetings.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Not a Typo|Waah}}, will do...
:{{DIcon}} I'm confident that we can do this.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 20.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Just remember to stay vigilant.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, footsteps!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 01.ogg}} '''???:''' General Mahamatra! We were not expecting your presence here.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 02.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' I'm the Security Officer of the Great Red Sand District. My name is Luxembarbo.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 21a.ogg}} {{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 21b.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Mm. This is my assistant, {{Traveler}}. {{MC|m=He|f=She}} will be working with me. The construct next to {{MC|m=him|f=her}} is for {{MC|m=his|f=her}} work.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Beep! Construct! Beep!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 03.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' What a great honor to meet you, {{Traveler}}! Your golden hair is as bright as the sun! And... uh, is this the latest technology from the Akademiya...?
:{{DIcon}} Nice to meet you, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 22.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Have you made a decision regarding the matter I mentioned to your subordinate?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 04.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' It seems to be a dire situation, so of course, you will have our full cooperation. To be perfectly honest, I've always longed to go on a mission with someone as well-known as yourself...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 23.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' There's no need for flattery.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 05.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Y&mdash;Yes, sir!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 24.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Take your most elite platoon and follow me to the eastern side of the district. We will carry out the operation there.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 06.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Understood!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 25.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' *sigh* Map?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 07.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Hurry, bring the map!
:{{Black Screen|A guard immediately brings over a map. Cyno circles the location of the operation on it.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 26.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' In two days, we will engage Rahman's Eremites, and capture all of them.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 27.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Any questions about the time or location?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 08.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' None at all, sir.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 28.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Good. See you then.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 luxembarbo 09.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Yes, sir!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe hanging around the General Mahamatra isn't so bad after all! Everyone's so respectful towards us.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, it does feel pretty good.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 29.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' This is all due to the absolute authority of the Akademiya. And now, we're going to strike back against that massive pillar of power.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 7 cyno 30.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' ...Get ready. We will move out in two days.
----
;(At midnight of the second day)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's time for the operation. Let's go meet Cyno in the desert!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look! Over there! Our helpers have arrived already!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's hurry over!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Wait a moment.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaah! It's you!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You're my assistant, remember?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I remember.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Being my assistant, you must stay with me. Now, let's head over there.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 gaete 01.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' It's General Mahamatra and his assistants!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 luxembarbo 01.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' We meet again!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' You're here early.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 luxembarbo 02.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' It's to show how important we think this operation is.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 luxembarbo 03.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Since this is a big case for the Akademiya, we are prepared to give it our best.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'm glad to hear your sense of resolve. Remember, we must capture them alive.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' They are our only leads for the case. If they die, we will be unable to continue the investigation.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 luxembarbo 04.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Understood!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 gaete 02.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' Everyone! The Eremites are approaching from the west!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 luxembarbo 05.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Make preparations and be ready for combat!
<!--scene transition-->
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 luxembarbo 06.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Halt!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 rahman 01.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Oh? What a warm welcome. What do you want?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 rahman 02.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Judging from those shiny weapons in your hands, it seems like you're not interested in a deal?
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Rahman, the Akademiya has caught wind of your smuggling and illicit sales. If you value your life, I advise you to surrender.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 rahman 03.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Who're you supposed to be? A matra from the Akademiya? Hah, I can't believe you came all this way just to catch us...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I'm not here to talk.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 rahman 04.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' ...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 rahman 05.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Nobody's given me this much time of day since I became a mercenary.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 9 rahman 06.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Brothers! For that slight, let's wash our blades with their blood! Let's show them we Eremites are not to be messed with!

;(After defeating the Eremites)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's over!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 rahman 01.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Aghhh!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 gaete 01.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' We have subdued them! The operation is now over, all Eremite mercenaries and related personnel in the area have been arrested!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 rahman 02.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Argh! You pitiful Dendro Archon dogs... You'll regret this!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Hmph, I'm afraid you'll regret it first.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 rahman 03.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' King Deshret will curse you, and you will all...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Silence!
:;(Cyno punches Rahman)
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 rahman 04.ogg}} '''Rahman:''' Oh! Uh...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 luxembarbo 01.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Restrain them and take them back to Caravan Ribat! Count their numbers and send them to the Akademiya as instructed by the General Mahamatra!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 gaete 02.ogg}} '''Gaete:''' Yes, sir!
:{{Black Screen|The guards escort a furious-looking Rahman and the others away...}}
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 luxembarbo 02.ogg}} '''Luxembarbo:''' Mahamatra Cyno, I will now take my leave. If you need further assistance, please come to Caravan Ribat and ask for me.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Understood. You are dismissed.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There they go...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Let's talk elsewhere.
:{{Black Screen|You find a safe place free of potential eavesdroppers and begin your conversation.}}
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This part of the plan went really well!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Yes. Things went perfectly.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's fantastic!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And that punch you gave Rahman there sure looked convincing enough...
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Once we're done here, I'll return to Caravan Ribat and oversee the group's transport. I promise I'll get everyone into Sumeru City safely.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you, Cyno.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're the reason why everything went so well!
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's not the time to celebrate yet. Hmm, I believe Dehya should already be waiting for you.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Go join up with her. She will need you to introduce her to Tighnari.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, is it really okay for us not to share the full plan with Tighnari? What if he'll feel miffed about it, and refuse to work with us?
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little worried about that, too.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I have a very close relationship with Tighnari. Given how well we know each other, I believe my message alone should be enough to bring him to our side. He knows I won't make jokes about things like this.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' If we need help, Tighnari is the best option.
:{{A|vo xmaq301 10 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Get ready for the next phase of the plan. Don't keep them waiting.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Through the Predawn Night
|zhs     = 行于黎明前夜幕里
|zhs_rm  = Xíng Yú Límíng-qián de Yèmù-lǐ
|zht     = 行於黎明前夜幕裡
|zht_rm  = Xíng Yú Límíng-qián de Yèmù-lǐ
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 夜明け前の夜をゆく
|ja_rm   = Yoake Mae no Yoru wo Yuku
|ja_tl   = Passing Through the Night before Dawn
|ko      = 여명 전의 어둠 속을 걷다
|ko_rm   = Yeomyeong Jeon-ui Eodum Sogeul Geottta
|ko_tl   = Walking in the Darkness Before Dawn
|es      = La noche antes del alba
|es_tl   = The Night Before Dawn
|fr      = À travers la nuit d'avant l'aube
|fr_tl   = Through the Predawn Night
|ru      = Ночь перед рассветом
|ru_tl   = Night Before the Dawn
|th      = ค่ำคืนก่อนรุ่งอรุณ
|th_rm   = Kham-khuen Kon Rung-a-run
|th_tl   = Night Before the Dawn
|vi      = Đêm Tối Trước Bình Minh
|vi_tl   = Night Before the Dawn
|de      = Durch die Dunkelheit vor dem Morgengrauen
|de_tl   = Through the Darkness Before the Dawn
|id      = Tirai Malam Pengantar Fajar
|id_tl   = The Night Curtain Bringing Dawn
|pt      = Através da Noite Antes do Alvorecer
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Şafaktan Önceki Gece Boyunca
|tr_tl   = Through the Night Before Dawn
|it      = La notte prima dell'alba
|it_tl   = The Night Before the Dawn
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter III}}

[[es:La noche antes del alba]]
[[ja:夜明け前の夜をゆく]]
[[th:ค่ำคืนก่อนรุ่งอรุณ]]
[[vi:Đêm Tối Trước Bình Minh]]