{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Chapter III Act I.png
|type           = Archon
|chapter        = Chapter III
|actNum         = I
|region         = Sumeru
|prev           = Requiem of the Echoing Depths
|next           = The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings
|ARReq          = 35
|rep            = Sumeru
|repAmt         = 100
|repOrder       = 500
}}
'''Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark''' is the first act in [[Chapter III]] of the [[Archon Quests]].

==Quests==
# [[A Forest of Change]]
# [[Further Observation]]
# [[Chronic Illness]]
# [[Silent Seeker of Knowledge]]
# [[The Trail of the God of Wisdom]]
# [[Lost in Prosperity]]
# [[Ever So Close]]

==Summary==
;A Forest of Change

Arriving at the border between [[Liyue]] and [[Sumeru]], the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] decide to look for [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] to seek answers from them. Paimon remarks that the Dendro Archon is different from the [[Unknown God]] that abducted their [[Traveler's Sibling|sibling]]. As they walk into the forest, they see a [[Haypasia|scholar]] and ask for instructions; however, she ignores them, so they decide to follow her instead.

There, they find the scholar in a cave lighting up some incense, which causes the Traveler to faint. The Traveler hallucinates a massive, glowing, white tree under a red sky and walks towards it, subsequently hearing an unknown voice say, "...World... Forget me..." The Traveler then wakes up in a hut and is greeted by [[Collei]]. She and her master, [[Tighnari]], found them while on patrol and the latter explained to Paimon what happened to them. After dealing with a separate issue, Tighnari talks with the Traveler and upon learning what they saw, decides to have them stay at [[Gandharva Ville]] until they recover. As Tighnari leaves, the Traveler and Paimon have a private discussion, with the Traveler having withheld some of the information as they believed Tighnari was not honest with them. Therefore, they decide to speak with Collei first.

;Further Observation

The next day, they see Collei and Tighnari, the latter going out on a dangerous patrol and leaving the former behind to handle some other tasks. The Traveler and Paimon decide to help, so Tighnari asks Collei to take them. Collei checks the lamps on the route to the ville before arriving at the [[Statue of The Seven]], where she briefly talks about [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] and Lesser Lord Kusanali. She then asks if they know [[Amber]], and is delighted when they confirm they do, as Amber had helped her immensely during her time in [[Mondstadt]] and have kept in touch via letters, hence why she guessed if they did know her. Collei then asks why they want to know about the Dendro Archon and learns of their reason of visiting Sumeru before they go to clean the statue, while she goes to check the forest canopy.

After cleaning the statue, Collei treats the two to some food and drinks. Paimon then asks about Tighnari's strictness, to which Collei states that he's actually kindhearted, as he refused to accept a position at [[Sumeru Akademiya]] to stay at the forest. When Collei begins recalling how Paimon was in a panic over the Traveler, Paimon becomes angered and tries to touch Collei, only for her to suddenly snap. She abruptly apologizes before running off, much to their confusion.

Returning to the ville, the two learn from [[Nasrin]] that Collei went to her room, so they decide to wait the following day to speak with her.

;Chronic Illness

The following day, the two decide to look for Collei, only to find Tighnari who explains that Collei is not feeling well. Paimon wonders if her action yesterday caused it, but Tighnari states that she had been fighting it off for quite some time and had neglected her health after meeting the two. After moving away from her hut, Tighnari tells them he had learned of their actions across Teyvat and begins to explain Collei's story as she wanted to. Tighnari explains that Collei is afflicted by [[Eleazar]], a disease endemic to Sumeru that causes dark and hardened scales to form on the body; eventually, the person becomes completely immobile. Collei's mother, learning that the [[Fatui]] had a cure, sent her to them, much to Paimon's shock. Tighnari then explains that Collei was treated by a [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers|Harbinger]] known as "[[Il Dottore|The Doctor]]", who stabilized the disease, but her memories with the Fatui left her deeply scarred and deathly afraid of anyone touching her. Tighnari also apologizes on Collei's behalf.

After hearing her story, Tighnari sets off to find the herbs required to create Collei's medicine. The Traveler and Paimon decide to accompany him and he accepts under the condition that they follow his instructions. They acquire four [[Lunar Lotus]]es, much to Tighnari's delight as he was able to stock up on other supplies in the process. Suddenly, [[Amir]] and Nasrin arrive, informing Tighnari that a [[The Withering|Withering Zone]] appeared on their patrol route; they could not get measurements as no one had a [[Vision]].

Arriving outside the zone, Tighnari explains how to handle the phenomenon. After identifying and handling the branches, they destroy the tumor and restore the area back to normal. Tighnari expresses gratitude that they dealt with the zone quickly, but states that the amount of zones appearing have increased, damaging the ecosystem and also causing Collei's symptoms to worsen, a trait shared by others at the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya]]. Returning to the village, Tighnari notices Haypasia's [[Dusk Bird]] and realizes something is wrong &mdash; the scholar had forgotten food and thus needs some. After realizing that the Traveler could manipulate Dendro, Tighnari does not apologize for his deception, but states that what they saw affected all of Teyvat &mdash; they had connected to the consciousness of [[Irminsul]].

;Silent Seeker of Knowledge

Returning to Haypasia, the Traveler finds a strange fungi that flees upon seeing them. When Paimon returns, the two find themselves in a strange area but are able to navigate their way through. At the top of the area, they run into the [[Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents|Abyss Herald]] but are unable to harm it. The Herald proclaims that their sibling had forsaken them and attacks, but the Traveler then returns to the real world; however, they are unable to recall what just happened. Paimon then returns and they find Haypasia lying beside some fruits. As she comes to, they give her Tighnari's letter. She also discovers they saw the strange fungi creature, stating that she had also seen them too while meditating. After serving her the boxed lunch, the Traveler talks about Irminsul with her.

Returning back to the village, they find Tighnari arguing with some Akademiya members, with Sage [[Khajeh]] trying to convince him to join the Akademiya. However, he refuses on the account of his responsibilities and that Khajeh had no definite answer as to how long he would be staying in the city. The Traveler and Paimon then ask Tighnari to help them meet Lesser Lord Kusanali through an acquaintance he knew in the city. After seeing Collei off, they head to [[Sumeru City]].

;The Trail of the God of Wisdom

Upon arriving at the city, the two are given an [[Akasha Terminal]] and they head straight to [[Rohawi]], Tighnari's acquaintance. However, they fail to get the answers they sought. The Traveler then remembers and visits [[Katheryne]], who is likewise unable to procure the information but suggests they go to [[Asfand]]; [[The Eremites]] might have information on her as they work all across Sumeru. Asfand however states that the Eremites have even less information as they are not religious and have less need for it. He also tells them that the Akademiya only upholds Rukkhadevata more than Kusanali, since the former is seen as the one who made Sumeru. As the Traveler and Paimon walk around lamenting, a woman named [[Dunyarzad]] overhears them and tells them of a legend about the Archon; however, she spots two Eremites and flees. The two Eremites then ask Traveler and Paimon if they saw Dunyarzad. Wanting to find more information, Paimon misdirects them before catching up to her.

With more Eremites arriving, the trio run into the nearby tavern. While inside, [[Dehya]] rushes at the Traveler, but is ordered by Dunyarzad to stand down. Dehya is her bodyguard and the Eremites were hired to help track her down, but Dunyarzard refuses to go along. Dehya decides not to take her in as she respects her determination, but suggests that she try to make her departures less conspicuous as the latest excursion caused her father to send all the guards at the estate looking for her. They then have a meal, where Dunyarzard explains why she's a follower of Kusanali &mdash; she met Kusanali while having a fever, and thus believes the Archon saved her. As such, she had gone out to help organize the [[Sabzeruz Festival]] and also met [[Nilou]].

The four head to the [[Grand Bazaar]] to meet up with Nilou who explains about the festival's origins. While the Traveler and Paimon are looking around, they also see Katheryne on break before she leaves back to the Guild. Dehya tells the Traveler that she and Dunyarzad have a plan to get them to meet Kusanali, although she has to speak with someone first and even then, the visit might not be guaranteed. They return to Asfand, who mentions a theft. He explains that a convoy from the Akademiya went to [[Aaru Village]] to pick up some items but were robbed on the way back, with the items being connected to the Dendro Archon. Asfand warns them to be careful of the Eremites at the port, as they aren't as friendly as those in the city and some have been proclaiming about the return of the [[Scarlet King]], who he believes to have died a long time ago. Asfand also tells them to act as Akademiya students, but does not disclose the reason.

;Lost in Prosperity

Arriving at [[Port Ormos]], the Traveler overhears several Akademiya students lamenting about being unable to pay the Eremites at the tavern, so they go there. Two Eremites of the the interest group, Ayn Al-Ahmar, boast about the [[Scarlet King]]'s return. The Traveler approaches them and offers them 500,000 Mora for information, but before they leave, [[Alhaitham]] stops them as the two are being conned. Alhaitham threatens to harm the Eremites' reputation if they continue their acts, so they instead agree to have a fight to settle the matter and leave, returning the Mora to the Traveler.

The two follow Alhaitham who states that he was simply using them as a means to get close to the fringe group. The Traveler offers to help him in the upcoming battle, which he initially refuses, but accepts when they tell him they can manipulate elemental energy. Alhaitham is amused that the two didn't even know what they were looking for, but gives them the address of a merchant to try their luck and reveals the item that everyone was looking for; a Knowledge Capsule, a mini Akasha which anyone could access if they connected it to their terminal. However, possession or selling of such capsules are prohibited and thus any the Eremites get their hands on are either used for themselves or sold to the common people or students for profit. The Traveler, insistent on finding the lost capsule, decides to negotiate with Alhaitham, who takes them to a more secluded area first.

There, Alhaitham tells them that he's looking for [[Dori]], a merchant who dabbles in high-quality goods for further collaboration, as her wares are against Akademiya regulations. Believing himself to be on her blacklist, he tells them to gain her trust and avoid any tricks she might have on her sleeve. He offers them a large amount of Mora and her informant's address and password, telling them to use as much Mora as they can to get her trust. After a brief run-down on identifying potentially useful Canned Knowledge, he warns them to be wary of the Matra, as many have been present in the port lately; they serve as the Akademiya's regulatory body.

The two head to Dori's informants and reach the warehouse, where they gain their trust before they spot the matra and run. They reach the merchant, Dori, who states that the matra sighting was just a bluff as she wants customers who could run so they wouldn't get in trouble if they actually arrived. Dori, learning why they came, showcases some Canned Knowledge; the Traveler uses Elemental Sight to pick the best three. Paimon takes Dori's extra offer, so they decide to take the knowledge regarding swordfighting.

;Ever So Close

With Dori's trust gained, the two head to the Wikala Funduq to meet up with Alhaitham, where they give him the canned knowledge. Asking why they're intent with the lost capsule, he learns that they wish to meet the Dendro Archon. He reveals that the capsule lost by the Akademiya is apparently one containing divine knowledge and that it is in the port. He had made an agreement with several Eremite brigades, wishing to forgo ownership in return for studying it; however, brigades like Ayn Al-Ahmar were unwilling to negotiate. With the Traveler's aid, he had made significant gains and asks them to meet up with Dori to buy information on the divine capsule. After informing him they bought one, Paimon asks him how to use it, so they head to the outskirts of port to test it.

Using the Canned Knowledge, Alhaitham evaluates the Traveler's combat capabilities and notes that they had a slight combat improvement, as they were so strong that it barely changed anything. After waiting two days, they return to Dori for information, who reveals that the leader of Ayn Al-Ahmar, [[Mizri]], acquired the capsule. They then head to the docks to meet with the brigade and fight them, with Mizri soon appearing, having taken the knowledge. However, he appears to be in a dazed trance and nearly beats up Tariq, forcing Alhaitham to cut his connection to the Akasha Terminal. As the matra arrive to take Mizri away, Alhaitham secretly pilfers the capsule from Mizri, who mutters "World... forget me", the same words the Traveler heard from Irminsul when they arrived in Sumeru. Alhaitham returns to the Akademiya while Paimon remembers the Sabzeruz Festival and advises the Traveler to rest and relax for the time being.

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark
|zhs     = 穿越烟帷与暗林
|zhs_rm  = Chuānyuè Yānwéi yǔ Ànlín
|zht     = 穿越煙帷與暗林
|zht_rm  = Chuānyuè Yānwéi yǔ Ànlín
|zh_tl   = Through the Misty Veils and the Dark Forests
|ja      = 煙霧のベールと暗き森を抜けて
|ja_rm   = Enmu no Beeru to Kuraki Mori wo Nukete
|ja_tl   = Through the Misty Veils and the Dark Forests
|ko      = 안개와 어두운 숲을 지나
|ko_rm   = Angaewa Eoduun Supeul Jina
|ko_tl   = Through Mists and Dark Forests
|es      = Tras la bruma y el bosque
|es_tl   = Following the Mist and the Woods
|fr      = À travers la brume et les forêts
|fr_tl   = Through the Mist and the Forests
|ru      = Сквозь дым и тёмные леса
|ru_tl   = Through the Smoke and the Dark Forests
|th      = ข้ามผ่านม่านหมอกควันและผืนป่าอันมืดมิด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Xuyên Qua Màn Sương Và Rừng Rậm
|vi_tl   = Through the Mist and the Forest
|de      = Durch dichten Rauch und dunklen Wald
|de_tl   = Through Thick Smoke and Dark Forest
|id      = Lewati Tirai Asap dan Hutan Kelam
|id_tl   = Through the Smoke Curtains and Dark Forests
|pt      = Através da Névoa e da Floresta
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sislerin ve Karanlık Ormanların İçinden
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Attraverso nebbie di fumo e foreste oscure
|it_tl   = Through Mists of Smoke and Dark Forests
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter III}}

[[es:Tras la bruma y el bosque]]
[[ja:煙霧のベールと暗き森を抜けて]]
[[pt-br:Através da Névoa e da Floresta]]
[[ru:Сквозь дым и тёмные леса]]