{{Chapter Infobox
|type            = World
|major           = yes
|image           = Through the Mists Chapter.png
|region          = Inazuma
|prev            = Seirai Stormchasers
}}
'''Through the Mists''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in [[Inazuma]].

Requirement: {{Quest|Seirai Stormchasers|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==List of Quests==
===World Quest Series===
Quests in this series require the daily [[reset]] to pass after completing the previous quest
# [[A Particularly Particular Author]]
# [[Octave of the Maushiro]]
# [[The Sea of Fog and the Rite of the Trees]]
# [[The Sun-Wheel and Mt. Kanna]]

===Follow-Up Quests===
* [[The Saga of Mr. Forgetful]]

===Follow-Up Hidden Exploration Objectives===
* [["Boatman"'s Task]]
* [[Abe's Fungi Needs]]
* [[A Gift To Shitoki, Wrapped In Conches]]
* [[Ipe's Fishing Advice]]
* [[Lighting Chise's Path]]
* [[Kito And Kina's Request]]
* [[Nonno's Hide And Seek]]
* [[Rero's Joke]]
* [[Una's Longing]]

==Summary==
;A Particularly Particular Author
The Traveler talks to Katheryne of Inazuma's Adventurers' Guild and receives a new commission. It involves traveling to [[Tsurumi Island]] to help [[Sumida]] gather material for her novel and find the [[Maushiro]]. According to Sumida, there is someone named [[Kama]] who can take the Traveler to Tsurumi Island.

Using Kama's boat, the Traveler arrives at the mysterious, fog-shrouded island. Unable to see a way forward through the fog, the Traveler talks to Kama who tells them to go through the nearby gate, the Traveler does so and the fog partially clears. Travelling further into the island, they come across a child named [[Ruu]] making a haphazard offering to a Perch. But according to Sumida, Tsurumi Island's civilization should have ceased to be for millennia now... According to Ruu, Tsurumi Island must conduct a ceremony and the ceremonial site is a place where Maushiro will gather.

The Traveler heads to the ceremonial site and speaks to the priest responsible for the ceremony. The Tsurumi Island locals are behaving oddly, but the Traveler takes their commission to make offerings at three perches nonetheless. After completing the three offerings to the Perches, the Traveler returns to the ceremonial site but does not see anyone. The Traveler feels a little cheated they left, but finds the Maushiro on the ground and takes it to report back to Sumida. However, when talking to Sumida, the Traveler notices the Maushiro is gone. Sumida reveals that this has happened to everybody else who took the commission and tells the Traveler not to worry. After discussing what to do next, they decided to gather the people who previously took the commission to come up with a new plan.
----
;Octave of the Maushiro
The Traveler contacts Sumida again and meets up with the other adventurers. Together, the group discusses their experiences on the island and they all had more or less similar experiences. The Traveler then sets off to Tsurumi Island once again to attempt to recover the Maushiro. The Traveler and Paimon find Ruu once again and learn about the Maushiro from him &mdash; it seems that the Thunderbird's feathers were the original "Maushiro." The Traveler takes out the [[Peculiar Pinion]] they found on [[Seirai Island]] and it lights up. Although this Peculiar Pinion is one of the original Maushiro, it's probably not what Sumida is looking for. But, according to Ruu, the Peculiar Pinion does possess some special power that may be of use. The Traveler tries using the Peculiar Pinion and sees an illusion of "Kama" burying something. Ruu then asks the Traveler to continue helping out with the ceremony to which the Traveler agrees. After Ruu leaves, the Traveler digs up the spot where "Kama" was at and finds the Maushiro that Sumida was looking for. Although the commission is complete, they head to the ceremonial site since they promised to help Ruu out.

At the ceremonial site, the locals are back and the Traveler listens in on what they're saying. The priest says they need Ruu for the ceremony but he's missing so the Traveler goes to look for him. The Traveler searches for Ruu in [[Wakukau Shoal]], [[Oina Beach]] and the [[Autake Plains]] but the search ends up unfruitful save for finding some more illusionary people. The Traveler returns to the ceremonial site where they find all the locals gone again, so the Traveler travels back to Inazuma City to hand the Maushiro over to Sumida.
----
;The Sea of Fog and the Rite of the Trees
After passing the Maushiro to Sumida, the nature of the commission changes to exploring and investigating Tsurumi Island further. Considering the illusion of "Kama" the Traveler saw, the Traveler heads to Ritou to ask Kama what he knows. The Traveler learns Kama's ancestors were originally from Tsurumi Island and finally learns the truth of the whole ordeal &mdash; back in the past, the situation on Tsurumi Island had been getting worse so Ruu offered himself as a sacrifice to Kapatcir, but the Thunderbird was enraged by this and cursed the island and its residents to relive the ceremony and its destructive events for eternity. Even if Ruu is an illusion of the past, the Traveler and Paimon decide they must help Ruu and stop him from being sacrificed.

Returning to the island, the Traveler overhears the illusions of the natives and learns that the Perches are the key to the ceremony, as such, the Traveler decides to destroy them all. After destroying the perches, the Traveler returns to the ceremonial site but witness a scene akin to doomsday &mdash; a crimson lightning storm suddenly appears and, left with no choice, the Traveler and Paimon flee the scene and come across Ruu once again. Ruu was under the impression that the ceremony would please the Thunderbird, [[Kanna Kapatcir]], and gets upset at the Traveler for ruining the ceremony and runs away. The Traveler returns to Inazuma City and talks with Sumida and Kama about what happened.
----
;The Sun-Wheel and Mt. Kanna
The Traveler returns to Tsurumi Island once more, this time with Kama in tow. Together, they search Wakukau Shoal but fail to find Ruu, though they were able to use the Peculiar Pinion to perceive what might be the Thunderbird's memories. They continue their search for Ruu on Oina Beach to no avail. They then head to the Autake Plains and they finally find Ruu, who is still upset about the Perches being destroyed. Ruu notices that Kama is with the Traveler and talks to him. Kama tells Ruu that his ancestors led happy lives after leaving the island and only regretted not coming back for Ruu.

Ruu says that he must continue with the ceremony to calm the Thunderbird, but the Traveler interjects and says that the ceremony may not have been what Kapatcir wanted. Using the Peculiar Pinion, the Traveler shows Ruu the memories of when he first met and sang for Kapatcir. Ruu is confused by what he saw and wonders if they performed the ceremony incorrectly, but he agrees to go to [[Mt. Kanna]], the place where the Thunderbird once dwelt, even though it is sacred ground. There, they encounter another [[Thunder Manifestation]] like the one the Traveler met on [[Seirai Island]] and the Traveler defeats it. Afterwards, the Traveler uses the Peculiar Pinion once again and they learn that Kapatcir's curse will not be lifted until she hears Ruu's song once more. Ruu is surprised to learn that Kapatcir was upset with the ceremony and that his song is needed to lift the curse. However, as Kapatcir was killed by the [[Raiden Shogun]], the Traveler and Paimon bluffed that she had moved to Seirai Island. Although Ruu was unable to leave Tsurumi Island, they were able to use the power of the Peculiar Pinion to bring him to Seirai Island and he sings for Kapatcir, thereby lifting the curse.

Returning to Tsurumi Island, the land was cleansed of the curse. Ruu expressed gratitude to the Traveler and apologized for his error. He was enthusiastic about the outside world and looked forward to exploring it in the future. He decides, however, to stay on the island for the time being to rest. But, with the promise fulfilled and the time-loop ended, he will soon pass on. The Traveler returns to Inazuma City to report back to Sumida and finish the commission.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Progression through this quest series is required for certain [[Remarkable Chests]] and interactables to spawn around Tsurumi Island.
* The fog becomes almost fully cleared towards the end of each quest. However, completing the quest will cause the fog to return the next day. Travelers who need to explore the area for materials, but will not yet proceed on with the entirety of the quest series, are advised to plan accordingly.
* During ''The Sun-Wheel and Mt. Kanna'', the fog (both on the minimap and on-site), the sky, and lightning strikes have their color changed to red. The fog on the minimap displays additional lightning sparks. These changes are only aesthetic and do not affect gameplay.
* Completing this quest series grants {{Achievement|Thunder Is Forever}}. A new [[Viewpoints#Tsurumi Island: Tsurumi Island|Viewpoint]] will also appear near the entrance to [[Mt. Kanna]].

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Through the Mists Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Through the Mists Chapter Quests}}

==Achievements==
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Through the Mists|requirements=1}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

== Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Through the Mists
|zhs      = 雾海纪行
|zhs_rm   = Wù Hǎi Jìxíng
|zht      = 霧海紀行
|zht_rm   = Wù Hǎi Jìxíng
|zh_tl    = Sea of Fog Travel Notes
|ja       = 霧海紀行
|ja_rm    = Mukai Kikou
|ja_tl    = Sea of Fog Travel Journal
|ko       = 안개 바다 기행
|ko_rm    = Angae Bada Gihaeng
|ko_tl    = Sea of Fog Travel
|es       = A través de la niebla
|es_tl    = Through the Fog
|fr       = Chroniques de la mer de brouillard
|fr_tl    = Chronicles of the Sea of Fog
|ru       = Сквозь туман
|ru_tl    = Through the Mist
|th       = บันทึกแห่งทะเลหมอก
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nhật Ký Hành Trình Của Biển Sương Mù
|vi_tl    = The Sea of Mist's Journey Diary
|de       = Die Reise durch das Nebelmeer
|de_tl    = The Journey through the Sea of Fog
|id       = Perjalanan Melalui Kabut
|id_tl    = Journey Through the Mist
|pt       = As Crônicas do Mar de Neblina
|pt_tl    = The Chronicles of the Sea of ​​Mist
|tr       = Sislerin İçinden
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Attraverso la nebbia
|it_tl    = Through the Mist
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[Category:Daily Quests]]

[[es:A través de la niebla (serie)]]
[[ja:霧海紀行 (任務)]]
[[ru:Сквозь туман (серия заданий)]]
[[vi:Nhật Ký Hành Trình Của Biển Sương Mù]]