{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Thundering Poise.png
|set   = Vermillion Hereafter
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|This mask is said to have been made by the mountain people for a Yaksha. It is of simple make, but its surface still shines brightly nonetheless.}}
'''Thundering Poise''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Vermillion Hereafter]].

==Description==
[[Tianqiu Valley|Tianqiu]] once played host to a [[Yaksha]], four-armed and mighty.<br>
He came to [[The Chasm (Area)|The Chasm]] from afar, to the praises of the tribes.<br>
A feast they put forth for him, the food in abundance.<br>
Blade in hand, he entered The Chasm, a disaster to still.<br>
Mighty as a demon, purple bale-fire shone in his eyes.<br>
The lightning pierced the deathly shadow, and thunder dissolved the darkness.<br>
The clouds hid the abyss, maw stretching to devour the firmament.<br>
The wild wind howled, the cinnabar sweeping the darkness.<br>
The mountain ranges shock, and the gorges caved in.<br>
The depths cried out as they collapsed, and then all was silent.<br>
The dense clouds solidified sundown-light as the perching birds sang sadly:<br>
"Do you not hear? The drums die in the north wind, the hero sinks into the vortex."<br>
"Have you not seen? The Yaksha's battle for the dawn &mdash; alas for a life so spent."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Thundering Poise
|zhs      = 虺雷之姿
|zhs_rm   = Huīléi zhī Zī
|zht      = 虺雷之姿
|zht_rm   = Huīléi zhī Zī
|zh_tl    = The Form of Rumbling Thunder
|ja       = 虺雷の姿
|ja_rm    = Kirai no Sugata{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl    = The Form of Rumbling Thunder
|ko       = 번개의 {{tt|자태|姿態}}
|ko_rm    = Beongae-ui Jatae
|ko_tl    = Figure of Lightning
|es       = Máscara Atronadora
|es_tl    = Thunderous Mask
|fr       = Maintien fulgurant
|fr_tl    = Lightning Support
|ru       = Громогласный облик
|ru_tl    = Thunder-Loud Appearance
|th       = Thundering Poise
|vi       = {{tt|Diện Mạo|面貌}} Sấm Sét
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Gelassenheit des Donners
|de_tl    = Tranquility of Thunder
|id       = Thundering Poise
|pt       = Postura Eletrizante
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yıldırım Duruşu
|tr_tl    = Lightning Stance
|it       = Portamento tonante
|it_tl    = Thundering Poise
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Vermillion Hereafter}}

[[fr:Maintien fulgurant]]
[[ja:虺雷の姿]]
[[th:Thundering Poise]]
[[tr:Yıldırım Duruşu]]
[[vi:Diện Mạo Sấm Sét]]
[[zh:虺雷之姿]]