{{Terminology Infobox
|type   = Lore
|type2  = Ancient Civilizations
|region = Inazuma
}}
The '''Thunderbird Civilization''' was an ancient civilization from over 2000 years ago that worshipped [[Kanna Kapatcir]].

==History==
It is unknown where the people originated from, but it is likely that they were descendants of the [[Pre-Thunderbird Civilization]] that lived in Tsurumi Island's underground.

At some point, the civilization began to worship the Thunderbird, Kanna Kapatcir, though she paid little attention to them. Later on, a member of the civilization, [[Ruu]], managed to befriend Kapatcir through a song that pierced the clouds, gaining her attention. Ruu promised to sing to Kapatcir again, but soon after their meeting, Ruu's friends began to leave the island. Believing that his sacrifice would bring everything back to normal, Ruu voluntarily allowed himself to be sacrificed. When Kapatcir returned to meet with the young boy again, she found him dead and his blood in a [[Omen of Thunderstorm|sacrificial cup]]. While Ruu had believed that his sacrifice was for the good of the tribe, Kapatcir saw it as the murder of an innocent and breaking of a promise. Driven mad by rage and sorrow, Kapatcir would destroy the tribe to avenge the boy, before placing a curse that would repeat the events indefinitely until she could hear his song once more.

===Legacy===
As of present day, the only lasting lineage of the Thunderbird Civilization is survived by [[Kama]].

Kapatcir's curse would continue to loop the island repeatedly, resulting in the inhabitants becoming spectral ghosts, unaware as to why they were killed. Ruu was also revived, but was the only one to notice a difference but could not resolve the issue until the [[Traveler]] arrived on a commission by [[Sumida]]. While investigating the matter, they eventually came upon the truth and informed Ruu, who they managed to bring to [[Seirai Island]], as Kapatcir was killed by the [[Raiden Shogun]] there. Ruu managed to sing to Kapatcir's remains, which lifted the curse on the island.

The Traveler would encounter the spectral entities on the island and helped them with various matters, allowing them to find closure. At the same time, a [["Boatman"]] arrived on the island to bring the entities to a golden land under the task of his "lady."

==Language==
The people of the Thunderbird civilization used a written language known as the [[Ishine Script]].

==Culture==
The people of the Thunderbird Civilization worshipped [[Kapatcir]], the Thunderbird. They used her feathers to make an instrument known as the [[Maushiro (A Particularly Particular Author)|Maushiro]] in order to communicate with each other through the fog. Later, there was a wooden imitation used instead. They were also taught to stay within the island's boundaries, with those who had left believed to have been lost in the "sea of darkness" and would never return again.

There was a strict social hierarchy, with priests and religious officials being towards the top.

The people of the Thunderbird civilization performed human sacrifice as they believed that it pleased their deity.

==Known Members==
* [[Ruu]]
* [[Abe]]
* [[Ipe]]
* [["Kama"]]
* [[Kina]]
* [[Kito]]
* [[Makiri]]
* [[Mata]]
* [[Onkami]]
* [[Una]]

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Civilization}}

[[es:Civilización del Ave del Trueno]]
[[fr:Civilisation de l'Oiselle du Tonnerre]]