{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Thunderbolt Rush.png
|character     = Iansan
|type          = Elemental Skill
|info          = Iansan charges forward a certain distance, dealing Nightsoul-aligned {{Color|Electro DMG}} to all opponents in her path.<br>After this Skill is used, Iansan will regain 54 [[Nightsoul point]]s and enter the [[Nightsoul's Blessing]] state. Within 5s after this is done, using a Normal Attack will trigger 1 quick Swift Stormflight stomp from Iansan that will not consume Stamina.<br><br>'''Nightsoul's Blessing: Iansan'''<br>Continuously consumes Nightsoul points. If she runs out, or uses this Skill again, her Nightsoul's Blessing state will end. It has the following properties:<br><ul><li>Increases Iansan's [[Movement SPD]].</li><li>Holding [[sprint]] will switch Iansan to Rushing Thunderbolt mode, greatly increasing her Movement SPD temporarily. In this mode, Iansan can make flying leaps using terrain, or consume additional Nightsoul points to move on [[water]] or [[liquid Phlogiston]] while being immune to DMG from the latter.</li></ul>
|CD            = 16s
|energyCost    = 
|scale_att1    = ATK
|scale_att2    = 
|utility1      = Nightsoul Point
|utility2      = Nightsoul's Blessing
|utility3      = Movement SPD
|utility4      = Water Traversing
|arkhe         = 
}}
{{Description|"Faster, stronger! That's what all that hard work is for!"}}
'''Thunderbolt Rush''' is [[Iansan]]'s [[Elemental Skill]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* {{Talent Note|particles|Skill DMG|4}}
* Rushing Thunderbolt mode lasts for '''2s''' after being triggered, and its duration is measured a meter that is separate from her Nightsoul gauge. When the meter runs out, Iansan will exit Rushing Thunderbolt mode regardless of how many Nightsoul Points she has.
** If Iansan exits Nightsoul's Blessing, she will also exit Rushing Thunderbolt mode if she is in it.
** If Iansan exits Nightsoul's Blessing while she is in Rushing Thunderbolt mode, she will continue sprinting normally. Exiting Nightsoul's Blessing mode will also not halt the Rushing Thunderbolt dash if she is performing it.
* Iansan will exit Nightsoul's Blessing if she is swimming.
* {{Point Consumption|<!--
-->Base:6/s;<!--
-->Dash:10;<!--
-->Rushing Thunderbolt Dash:14
}}
* {{Point Consumption|name=[[Phlogiston]]|<!--
-->Base:5.4/s;<!--
-->Dash:9;<!--
-->Rushing Thunderbolt Dash:12.6
}}
;<big>Passive Effects</big>
* {{Talent Note|ascension|1|Enhanced Resistance Training}}

;<big>Constellation Effects</big>
* {{Talent Note|constellation|1|Starting's Never Easy}}
* {{Talent Note|constellation|3|Scientific Diet Planning}}
<!--
==Advanced Properties==
-->
==Preview==
{{Preview
|file1    = Thunderbolt Rush Combat Preview
|caption1 = Combat

|file2    = Thunderbolt Rush Nightsoul's Blessing Preview
|caption2 = Nightsoul's Blessing
}}

==Attribute Scaling==
{{Talent Scaling
|levels=13
|order=skilldmg,nightsoulpointlimit,cd
|titles=Skill DMG (%),Nightsoul Point Limit,CD
|skilldmg_1=286.4
|skilldmg_2=307.88
|skilldmg_3=329.36
|skilldmg_4=358
|skilldmg_5=379.48
|skilldmg_6=400.96
|skilldmg_7=429.6
|skilldmg_8=458.24
|skilldmg_9=486.88
|skilldmg_10=515.52
|skilldmg_11=544.16
|skilldmg_12=572.8
|skilldmg_13=608.6
|nightsoulpointlimit=54
|cd=16s
}}

==Talent Leveling==
{{Talent Upgrade|Iansan}}

==Voice-Overs==
{{Talent VO}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Thunderbolt Rush
|zhs      = 电掣雷驰
|zhs_rm   = Diànchè Léichí
|zht      = 電掣雷馳
|zht_rm   = Diànchè Léichí
|zh_tl    = Lightning-Fast Thunder Sprint
|ja       = サンダーボルト・スプリント
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = Thunderbolt Sprint
|ko       = 전광석화
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Acelerón relámpago
|es_tl    = Lightning Acceleration
|fr       = Ruée fulminante
|fr_tl    = Fulminating Rush
|ru       = Молниеносный натиск
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Thunderbolt Rush
|vi       = Tia Sấm Chớp Nhoáng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Schnell wie der Blitz
|de_tl    = Fast as Lightning
|id       = Thunderbolt Rush
|pt       = Investida Trovejante
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yıldırım Koşusu
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Carica fulminea
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Iansan}}

[[es:Acelerón relámpago]]
[[fr:Ruée fulminante]]
[[ru:Молниеносный натиск]]
[[vi:Tia Sấm Chớp Nhoáng]]