{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Tiara of Frost.png
|set   = Prayers to Springtime
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A tiara worn by those tasked with offering sacrifices in ancient times. Because it once weathered years of icy cold, it possesses remarkable resistance.}}
'''Tiara of Frost''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Prayers to Springtime]].

==Description==
They say that,<br />The line of chief priests have always seen this same sight as their days draw to an end:<br />A mountain of crowns in a secret place, beneath a withered tree—<br />—each one hiding a lifetime of secrets kept.<br />Each retiring chief priest offers up their crown of flawless white branches to this world.<br />Every mighty and ancient city, and every austere place of sacrifice must one day return to profundity in the earth.

All prosperity must someday end.<br />But this does not mean that nothing is eternal.

At the end of a cycle, the earth shall be renewed. Thus eternity is cyclical.<br />The search for truth is a product of prosperity, and not the seed that plants it.

They say that,<br />Once upon a time, the people of the land could hear revelations from [[Celestia]] directly.<br />The envoys of the gods walked among benighted humanity then. In those days, life was weak, and the earth was blanketed in unending ice.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tiara of Frost
|zhs     = 祭冰礼冠
|zhs_rm  = Jì Bīng Lǐ Guān
|zht     = 祭冰禮冠
|zht_rm  = Jì Bīng Lǐ Guān
|zh_tl   = Ice Sacrifice Ritual Crown
|ja      = 氷祭りの冠
|ja_rm   = Koori Matsuri no Kanmuri
|ja_tl   = Ice Ritual Crown
|ko      = 제빙의 관
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Diadema de la Escarcha
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Couronne rituelle Cryo
|fr_tl   = Cryo Ritual Crown
|ru      = Тиара холода
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Tiara of Frost
|vi      = Nón Tế Băng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eisopferdiadem
|de_tl   = Ice Offering Diadem
|id      = Tiara of Frost
|pt      = Tiara de Gelo
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Prayers to Springtime}}