{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Tiara of Torrents.png
|set   = Prayers for Destiny
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|A tiara worn by those tasked with offering sacrifices in ancient times. Because it was submerged in water year in and year out, it possesses remarkable resistance.}}
'''Tiara of Torrents''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Prayers for Destiny]].

==Description==
They say that,<br>Once upon a time, the people of the land could hear revelations from [[Celestia|the heavens]] directly.<br>Then, the [[Angel|envoys of the gods]] would walk among benighted humanity, and the [[Prayers for Illumination|ancient flames]] were extinguished amidst the first falling rains.

It was a prosperous time, a period of bountiful harvest.<br>Then the earth was blessed and ruled by heaven, and the elemental flows were smooth and well-ordered.<br>A hundred years of bounty were written in the stars, and none could change this [[Heavenly Principles|divine law]].

But what of the time after, a hundred, a thousand years from now? Would they have famine where they had plenty, poverty where once were riches?<br>Would their altars and palaces become one with the soil, with only that [[Irminsul|silver-white tree]] for company?

The heavenly envoys, who ever spoke what they knew, were silent. So to understand this doom,<br>The chief priest, head crowned with white branches, would delve into the [[Domain|deep places of the world]]...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tiara of Torrents
|zhs     = 祭水礼冠
|zhs_rm  = Jì Shuǐ Lǐ Guān
|zht     = 祭水禮冠
|zht_rm  = Jì Shuǐ Lǐ Guān
|zh_tl   = Water Sacrifice Ritual Crown
|ja      = 水祭りの冠
|ja_rm   = Mizu Matsuri no Kanmuri
|ja_tl   = Water Ritual Crown
|ko      = 제수의 관
|ko_rm   = Jesu-ui Gwan
|ko_tl   = Crown of Water Ritual
|es      = Diadema Torrencial
|es_tl   = Torrential Diadem
|fr      = Couronne rituelle Hydro
|fr_tl   = Hydro Ritual Crown
|ru      = Тиара воды
|ru_tl   = Tiara of Water
|th      = Tiara of Torrents
|vi      = Nón Tế Thủy
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wasseropferdiadem
|de_tl   = Water Offering Diadem
|id      = Tiara of Torrents
|pt      = Coroa do Ritual Hydro
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Sağanak Tacı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Tiara dei torrenti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Prayers for Destiny}}

[[fr:Couronne rituelle Hydro]]
[[ja:水祭りの冠]]
[[tr:Sağanak Tacı]]
[[uk:Корона жерця води]]
[[zh:祭水禮冠]]