{{CharacterTabs}}

==Personality==
<!--{{Quote|DESCRIPTION|In-game character attributes and profile page text}}-->
''(To be added.)''

==Appearance==
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 3 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each. -->
Tighnari is a young man of medium height and fair skin. He has short dark green hair with light green streaks that reach just below the chin and eyes that fade from brown to green. He also possesses several fox-like traits, notably his large, pointy ears and a fluffy green tail. An intricately carved gold earning on his right shows three dangling leaves.

Tighnari’s outfit consists of a cropped dark blue hoodie with black strings, yellow trim, and red and green details. A large yellow flower adorns his right side, and then a silver badge with a green tassel on his left side. The left sleeve of his hoodie is short, decorated with a singular green leaf, and stops just above his elbow, while the right sleeve is tight and reaches until his wrists. The right of his hoodie also has a long piece of pleated white fabric with a colorful pattern that stretches down until his upper thigh. On both wrists, Tighnari wears large black cuffs, gold trinkets, and a pair of black and orange gloves.

Under this, Tighnari wears a long white tunic with a thick purple belt with numerous blue and purple ropes and other multicolored trinkets attached, along with a large purple pocket on one side and two round pins where his Dendro Vision hangs. He wears a pair of ankle-length black pants with a pleated dark blue and red overcoat, cuffs, and laced white and blue boots with green stripes. Tighnari also sports a green half-cape attached to a large gold trinket on his back.

==Official Introduction==
{{Official Introduction
|title=Lushness follows the fox in the forest
|link=https://www.hoyolab.com/article/5918230
|character=Tighnari}}
{{Quote|A message for you. I brought back a specialty from the desert, two packs of honeyed dates, which helps to replenish your energy, whether in the morning or at night. Thank you for your patience in teaching and taking care of Collei. Good luck with your work and best wishes for Collei's studies.|An anonymously written message left inside a candy box, placed on the watcher's table.}}
People who encounter misfortunes in the [[Avidya Forest]] are lucky to meet a Forest Watcher named Tighnari.

But if you land yourself in trouble due to foolish antics, you might have mixed feelings meeting Tighnari.

Tighnari resolves problems quickly and professionally, but at the same time, he will give the other party a stern lecture.

As the saying goes, those who underestimate the rainforest will get taught a lesson by it, and those who underestimate a Forest Watcher will eventually face the teachings of the "Wilderness Survival Skills Lecture."

These are all rumors, but in reality, there is no need to be too stressed when encountering Tighnari. Anyone with a clear head will be able to comprehend his easy-to-understand explanations.

As for those who are set in their ways&mdash;

"What a pity, I majored in botany, and helping people grow a brain is not my area of expertise."
<!--
==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = 
|mention1      = 

|title2        = Character Story 1
|friendship2   = 2
|quest2        = 
|other2        = 
|text2         = 
|mention2      = 

|title3        = Character Story 2
|friendship3   = 3
|quest3        = 
|other3        = 
|text3         = 
|mention3      = 

|title4        = Character Story 3
|friendship4   = 4
|quest4        = 
|other4        = 
|text4         = 
|mention4      = 

|title5        = Character Story 4
|friendship5   = 5
|quest5        = 
|other5        = 
|text5         = 
|mention5      = 

|title6        = Character Story 5
|friendship6   = 6
|quest6        = 
|other6        = 
|text6         = 
|mention6      = 

|title7        = 
|friendship7   = 4
|quest7        = 
|other7        = 
|text7         = 
|mention7      = 

|title8        = Vision
|friendship8   = 6
|quest8        = 
|other8        = 
|text8         = 
|mention8      = 
}}

==Namecard==
{{Namecard|NamecardName}}
-->
==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Vulpes Zerda}}
<!--
==Quests and Events==
{{Quest Appearances}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Mail==
* [[Birthday/Tighnari]]

==Trivia==
*

===Etymology===
*

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
== Trivia ==
=== Etymology ===
The character Tighnari is believed to have been inspired by {{w|Al-Tighnari}}, an Arab botanist, traveller, and poet from the period of Islamic Golden Age. Tighnar is the name of the village where {{Lang|Al-Tighnari|ar=الطغنري}} was born, which is located in the province of Granada, modern day Spain.

==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|link type=lore}}

[[vi:Tighnari/Cốt_Truyện]]