{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Tighnari
|id             = 368152
|image          = Character Tighnari Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Tighnari''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Conversation...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Noises...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Observing plants...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The forest...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Training courses...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hello there...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I heard it...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hello there.
:{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I could hear you coming from miles away.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hmm, this place has a peaceful environment and a wonderful view. Very pleasant.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...Perhaps a little too pleasant.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Look, I've already mapped out an itinerary of my stay.
::{{DIcon}} You're planning on doing some forest-watching here?
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Haha, that would be going too far. This place was constructed by magic, right? I don't sense any dangers.
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And I'm guessing that the only ones who can get in here are those you have specifically invited.
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If they're your friends, I'm sure they won't cause any major disturbances.
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04a 4.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...Right? They wouldn't, would they?
::{{DIcon}} Are you conducting research?
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Erm... half and half.
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm just wandering around here and there, observing various flora as I always do.
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 3.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This is equal parts research and normal life.
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 4.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' But I should probably take a more relaxed approach while I'm here. I'll only plan 60% of my typical itinerary.
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship1 04b 5.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Should you need me, come find me any time.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Want to chat?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Of course. Anything you want to talk about?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If you let me start the conversation, it would definitely be about plants.
::{{DIcon}} It's fine. I was expecting that, anyway.
::{{DIcon}} Teach me something, Professor.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh? So you're ready for class?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Then let us begin with the basics. Botany is a branch of biology that focuses on the morphology, taxonomy, ecology, genetics, and evolution of plants.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The basic taxonomical classification of plants is as follows:
::{{DIcon}} Zzz... zzz...
::{{DIcon}} *yawn*
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' No daydreaming, sleepyhead! This is what you asked for.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...Heh, alright, I'm only teasing. People who don't work in this field don't have to bash their heads against the books.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' However, you spend a considerable amount of time traveling and traipsing through the outdoors. It would behoove you to learn a thing or two about common plants.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' For instance, discerning a plant's growth patterns to orient position, how to use stems and leaves to acquire potable water...
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Which fruits are edible and palatable, which herbs are suitable for cooking with meat...
::{{DIcon}} Oh no, I'm starting to drool...
::{{DIcon}} Professor, I'm hungry.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Hey, what's the matter with you!? Is this what happens when you hear anything remotely about food?
::{{DIcon}} It's mostly Paimon's fault...
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ah yes, your little partner...
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' She doesn't seem the most... intellectual sort, but she cares deeply about you.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Even if it's only for the sake of protecting your companion, you should learn more about the natural sciences.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Ah... Sorry, I slipped into training mode there for a second, look at me, talking to you like you're a rookie Forest Ranger. ...Please forgive me.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Anyway, you're smart enough to understand what I meant.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If you ever wish to learn more about flora, my door is open any time.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Me? Just thinking about some recent tasks that need to be completed.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This week, I have to observe some experiments and record their results at Pardis Dhyai. It's also about time to draw up the next patrol schedule for the rangers...
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Nothing especially urgent, though, so this can all wait.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So? Anything in particular you want to do?
::{{DIcon}} Hmm... Nope.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh? So then, why did you ask?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright, I'll go ahead. Please answer one question for me.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Yes or no: Do you want to rub my ears?
::{{DIcon}} Wha... You're turning this back to me!?
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 08a.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Don't blame me, I gave you the opportunity to go first.
::{{DIcon}} Ah! I'm busted!
:::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 08b.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Your gaze seems to have been wandering slowly earwards the whole time we've been talking.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Actually, uh... I don't really mind if someone I'm close to rubs my ears, you know?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'm not sure why, but everyone always seems to think that it would make me angry.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Over time, "Do not discuss ears or tails in Tighnari's presence" became something of an unspoken rule.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It can sometimes be quite amusing to watch people's faces as they stumble over their words.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It's probably for the best, anyway. It might get irritating if people I barely knew started coming up to me and getting all touchy-feely.
::{{DIcon}} So you're saying that I can...?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Of course.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' They might not feel as nice as you're imagining, though. They honestly just feel like any regular cat's or dog's.
::{{DIcon}} Well, I'll be the judge of that.
::{{DIcon}} Hehe, so about your tail...
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I give you an inch, so you take a mile?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ... *sigh* Okay, fine.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' As long as you're happy.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo friendship3 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I'd be willing to take hundreds of group photos with you, so a pet or three is nothing.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Tighnari.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Morning. The day's plans are best made at dawn. The early bird catches the worm.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Early-rising worms might object to this, of course, but that's just how the food chain works.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo morning 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' See, no matter how early they rise, a tree's leaves will still get eaten by insects. You don't hear them complaining, do you?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good evening, Tighnari.
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You aren't asleep yet, (Traveler)?
::{{A|vo tighnari mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' If you're still awake at this hour, then how about I borrow you as my research assistant?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Forest Patrol Anecdotes===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm tighnari ranger 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' This cabin looks very familiar indeed. I see you've been treating our excursions as an opportunity to admire the scenery in quite some detail...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm tighnari ranger 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Just being here makes me want to start planning my schedule... Force of habit, I suppose.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm tighnari ranger 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, there's plenty of space &mdash; do you want to sit with me and try your hand at writing something yourself?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Chorus of Desert and Wood===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm tighnari vegetation 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Very diverse range of plants you have here. Clearly, you have a keen interest in botany.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm tighnari vegetation 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Excellent. If nurtured, a budding interest can become a fruitful source of knowledge. In fact &mdash; why don't you tell me about each of these species? Their growth habits, preferences, et cetera?
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm tighnari vegetation 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Don't worry, I'm here to fill in anything you leave out. I have a feeling it'll stick in your memory this time.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Тигнари/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Tighnari/Konaklama]]
[[uk:Тігнарі/Супутник(ця)]]
[[vi:Tighnari/Bạn Đồng Hành]]