{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20039
|type          = Commission
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|characters    = Timaeus; Traveler
|npc           = Timaeus
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Heatshield Potion|2|caption=(if Flaming Essential Oil)}}{{Card|Insulation Potion|2|caption=(if Shocking Essential Oil)}}{{Card|Frostshield Potion|2|caption=(if Frosting Essential Oil)}}
}}
'''''Timaeus' Alchemy Tutorial''''' is one-time only [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Timaeus]]
#Make 1 [[Flaming Essential Oil]]/[[Shocking Essential Oil]]/[[Frosting Essential Oil]]
#Give the Essential Oil to Timaeus

==Gameplay Notes==
* Although the quest is called Timaeus' Alchemy Tutorial, if you check it from the map, it's called "Alchemy Is Wonderful!", and it gives the description "Timaeus wants to show people the wonders of alchemy..."

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Timaeus]] is deeply enraptured with [[alchemy]]. He wonders if there are others like him, that are drawn to this ancient and mysterious art...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Timaeus)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} I want to find out more about alchemy.
:'''Timaeus:''' The ancient art of alchemy is simply captivating... I wish more people appreciated it.
:'''Timaeus:''' Oh, you're into alchemy too?
:{{DIcon}} Very much so.
:'''Timaeus:''' Well then, {{MC|boy|girl|mc=1}}, it's time for you to get some first-hand experience!
:'''Timaeus:''' All great accomplishments start with a firm grasp of the basics and go from there.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Understood.
:'''Timaeus:''' So then, let's start with something simple.
:'''Timaeus:''' Let's have you start by making some (Flaming/Shocking/Frosting) Essential Oil.
:'''Timaeus:''' It is a foundational alchemical procedure. The best place for beginners to start.
:;(If Flaming Essential Oil)
::'''Timaeus:''' To make Flaming Essential Oil, you will need a frog and some flaming flower stamen.
::'''Timaeus:''' You should easily be able to find these outside the city – You want to know why we mix a frog with a fire?
::'''Timaeus:''' Why, flaming flowers have to be diluted with the mucus found on frogs' skin before they are safe for consumption...
::'''Timaeus:''' I mean... Ah, no! I didn't say anything. I said nothing!
::'''Timaeus:''' Once you've gathered everything, try and create some Flaming Essential Oil. No half measures now, give it all you've got! I'll be watching from here.
:;(If Shocking Essential Oil)
::'''Timaeus:''' Shocking Essential Oil is made from electro crystal and frog.
::'''Timaeus:''' It shouldn't be too hard to find them when you're out and about. Gathering raw materials is a major part of the alchemist's work, you'll just have to get used to it.
::'''Timaeus:''' Both can easily be found outside the city&mdash; What? You can't see a connection between crystal and essential oil?
::'''Timaeus:''' Hahaha, that's because there is none! The electro crystal is for the shocking part; it's the frog that provides the essential oil.
::'''Timaeus:''' Once you've gathered everything, try and create some Shocking Essential Oil. No half measures now, give it all you've got! I'll be watching from here.
:;(If Frosting Essential Oil)
::(missing dialogue)
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
----
;(Talk to Timaeus again before crafting the potion)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Remind me about that potion?
:'''Timaeus:''' Have you finished making the (Flaming/Shocking/Frosting) Essential Oil?
:{{DIcon}} Still working on it...
:;(If Flaming Essential Oil)
::'''Timaeus:''' Flaming Essential Oil is made from frog and flaming flower stamen.
:;(If Shocking Essential Oil)
::'''Timaeus:''' Shocking Essential Oil is made from electro crystal and frog.
:'''Timaeus:''' It shouldn't be too hard to find them when you're out and about. Gathering raw materials is a major part of the alchemist's work, you'll just have to get used to it.
:'''Timaeus:''' When you've found them, try making some (Flaming/Shocking/Frosting) Essential Oil and show me how it turns out.
----
;(Talk to Timaeus after crafting the potion)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes, it's ready.
:;(If Flaming Essential Oil)
::'''Timaeus:''' That sure smells like Flaming Essential Oil alright! And you can really feel the heat too.
::'''Timaeus:''' Did you know that there is a similar recipe using butterfly wings instead of frog?
::'''Timaeus:''' Voila! You have yourself a Heatshield Potion. If you're ever rescuing a baby from a burning building, this little thing will make sure you don't even break a sweat.
::'''Timaeus:''' Amazing, isn't it? The very same flaming flower stamen can, depending on the specific alchemical process used, produce two completely opposite effects.
::'''Timaeus:''' Take this Heatshield Potion and get a taste of what alchemy can really do!
:;(If Shocking Essential Oil)
::'''Timaeus:''' Nice work! This is some genuine bona fide Shocking Essential Oil alright. It helps people channel Electro energy more easily.
::'''Timaeus:''' Now, let me tell you what happens if you swap the frog for butterfly wings!
::'''Timaeus:''' It produces a powerful Insulation Potion, which protects the taker against electroshocking.
::'''Timaeus:''' Amazing, isn't it? The very same electro crystal can, depending on the specific alchemical process used, produce two completely opposite effects.
::'''Timaeus:''' Go on, take this Insulation Potion and get a taste of what alchemy can really do!
:;(If Frosting Essential Oil)
::'''Timaeus:''' Wow, that's a mighty fine batch of Frosting Essential Oil you've made! Rub some of this on you to get more in touch with your Cryo side...
::'''Timaeus:''' But guess what happens if you swap out the lizard tail and use crystal core instead?
::'''Timaeus:''' Boom! You got yourself a Frostshield Potion, which protects you against the harmful effects of too much playing in the snow, amongst other things!
::'''Timaeus:''' Amazing, isn't it? The very same mist flower corolla can, depending on the specific alchemical process used, produce two completely opposite effects.
::'''Timaeus:''' Here's a Frostshield Potion for you. Now, go and get a taste of what alchemy can really do!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Timaeus' Alchemy Tutorial
|zhs     = 蒂玛乌斯的炼金指导
|zhs_rm  = Dìmǎwūsī de Liànjīn Zhǐdǎo
|zht     = 蒂瑪烏斯的煉金指導
|zht_rm  = Dìmǎwūsī de Liànjīn Zhǐdǎo
|zh_tl   = Timaeus' Alchemy Tutorial
|ja      = 錬金術の魅力
|ja_rm   = Renkinjutsu no Miryoku
|ja_tl   = The Charm of Alchemy
|ko      = 데마로우스의 연금술 지도
|ko_rm   = Demaro'useu-ui Yeongeumsul Jido
|ko_tl   = Timaeus' Alchemy Tutor
|es      = Tutorial de alquimia de Timaeus
|es_tl   = Timaeus' Alchemy Tutorial
|fr      = Cours d'alchimie de Timaeus
|fr_tl   = Timaeus' Alchemy Lesson
|ru      = Введение в алхимию Тимея
|ru_tl   = Timaeus' Alchemy Introduction
|th      = การสอนเล่นแร่แปรธาตุของ Timaeus
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Timaeus' Alchemy Lesson
|vi      = Hướng Dẫn Giả Kim Của Timaeus
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Timaeus’ Einführung in die Alchimie
|de_tl   = Timaeus' Introduction into Alchemy
|id      = Ajaran Kimia Timaeus
|id_tl   = Timaeus' Chemistry Lesson
|pt      = Tutorial de Alquimia de Timaeus
|pt_tl   = Timaeus' Alchemy Tutorial
|tr      = Timaeus'un Simya Eğitimi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il corso di alchimia di Timaeus
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:¡La Alquimia es genial!]]