{{Cleanup|References between Timeline and Nation History subpages need to be standardized to follow the [[Genshin Impact Wiki:Manual of Style#References|Manual of Style]], and need a standardized ''ref name'' to prevent errors in the References section.}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type  = Historical Events
|type2 = Lore
}}
A very rough estimation of the timeline of the ''[[Genshin Impact]]'' universe, incorporating historical records, myths, and folk tales. A constant work in progress; take information given with a grain of salt.

To view the timeline by nation, see [[:Category:Region Histories|Region Histories]] and click on the respective nation's page.

'''Please note: This page is under reconstruction. Some information is housed on nations' History pages and must be edited there. Some information that pertains to more than one nation may be duplicated.'''

<section begin="TimelineNote" />References are provided as much as possible. There are also notes that expand on the deduction and reasoning used to draw certain conclusions, which can be read by either hovering over (desktop-only) or clicking on the note. Some specific types of notes found on the page:
* '''Lore Discrepancy:''' When information provided in the game is self-contradictory, retroactively changed, or contradicts [[manga]] information, it is considered a lore discrepancy. This is different from a translation discrepancy, in which information is contradictory or misleading due to inaccuracies in localization. In the case of a lore discrepancy involving information found in-game and in the manga, the in-game information always takes priority.
* '''Translation Note:''' Used when the original Chinese text and its official English translation do not match, or if something is clearer in Chinese. In the case of a translation discrepancy, the original Chinese text always takes priority.
* '''Assumptions:''' Because of lack of information, contradictory information, information that is expanded on in different lore pieces, deliberately inaccurate in-game material, and other such obfuscation, editors will sometimes make assumptions to determine the order of certain events or puzzle together pieces of disjointed lore. However, they may be obsoleted and proven incorrect by new lore and story. These notes serve as a disclaimer, and expand on the editors' reasoning for their conclusions.

If you have any proposed changes for the timeline, please leave a comment and cite your evidence.<section end="TimelineNote" />

==The Old World==
''All events take place an unknown time in the past, but allegedly predate Morax's birth over 6,000 years ago.''

===The Seven Sovereigns===
* In an era known as the "old world," dragons and vishaps are the overlords of the world, with the [[Seven Sovereigns]] &mdash; dragon-lords at the apex of raw, primordial elemental power &mdash; at the apex.<ref name="Primordial Bathysmal Vishap">{{Ref/Enemy|Primordial Bathysmal Vishap}}</ref> They ruled over seven nations, and each land they inhabited was attuned to their presence.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|2|Before Sun and Moon}}</ref>
* Vishaps, the Seven Sovereigns, and other dragons all come from the Vishap Realm, or the Light Realm, and as such are primordial and pure elemental beings.<ref name="BathVishap Records">{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4|Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records}}</ref><ref name="SubterraTrials">{{Ref/Quest|The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent}}</ref><ref name="3 Martial Trials">{{Ref/Quest|The Three Great Martial Trials}}</ref>

===Eternal Throne of the Heavens===
* '''? years ago''' ― The [[Primordial One]], also known as the "eternal throne of the heavens," appears in the world.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/>
** [[Phanes]], a candidate for the identity of the Primordial One, arose from an "egg" as an androgynous figure. For the world to be created, the eggshell had to be broken; however, it used the eggshell to split the "universe" from the "microcosm of the world." It then came to the world as its true lord and claimed the heavens as its eternal throne.
** The Primordial One challenges the Seven Sovereigns and created four shining shades of itself to do battle against the dragons. It ultimately prevails and establishes a new world.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/>
** [[Istaroth]], the god of time and wind, is likely one of the four shades.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/><ref group="Assumption">In ''Before Sun and Moon'', the author claims during "The First Year of Darkness" that the Primordial One and its "three other" shining shades did not hear their lamentation, leaving one shade unaccounted for. In "The Third Year of Darkness," the author calls Istaroth the "only one who had not forsaken us," making her the shade that (they believe) heard them.</ref>
* '''40 years after the Primordial One appears''' ― The Primordial One and its shades emerge victorious over the Seven Sovereigns, and the world falls under the control of the heavens while the Sovereigns' subjects escape to the oceans. The Primordial One begins creating heaven and earth for the sake of humanity and its creations soon after.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/>
** This leads to the existence of three realms: the elemental Vishap Realm (also known as the Light Realm, and creatures from it "elemental creatures"), the abyssal Void Realm, and the Human Realm created by the Primordial One.<ref name="BathVishap Records" /><ref name="SubterraTrials" />

==The New World==
===The Ark Opens===
* '''400 years after the Primordial One appears:''' The Primordial One finishes preparing the world for the arrival of humanity. It and one of its shades create all animal life, and humanity creates a covenant with the Primordial One. The Primordial One creates a "sacred plan" for humanity, an era referred to as the "Ark's Opening." Humanity tends to the land and it flourishes, leading to a period known as the "Year of Jubilee."<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/>
* A single, unified human civilization spans the whole world, which the region of [[Enkanomiya]] was part of.<ref name="SubterraTrials" />
** The Seelie were once a race with beautiful, humanoid forms and great wisdom. They dwelled across the world and were tasked with guiding humanity. They built a large and prosperous civilization and erected large palaces.<ref name="RJ - MS">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|4|Mountain Spirit}}</ref><ref name="ADT3">{{Ref/Book|A Drunkard's Tale|3}}</ref><ref group="Translation Note">In the original Chinese text for ''A Drunkard's Tale (III)'', the sentence "This wasteland is said to be a land beyond the dominion of the deities, inhabited only by the grotesque ghostly remains of fallen gods, where the former palaces of the Seelie now stand empty" uses the term "deities" to refer to The Seven, while "fallen gods" specifies "demon god," or gods who predate The Seven. It can thus be assumed that the Seelie civilization &mdash; and, by extension, primordial human civilization &mdash; spanned the entire world and not just the surface-level continent of Teyvat that The Seven now rule over.</ref>
* There were three moons, who were sisters named [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon]]. They dwelled in the Lunar Palace, changing places three times a month to ride around the heavens in a silver carriage.<ref name="MBF">{{Ref/Book|Moonlit Bamboo Forest|3}}</ref><ref name="HSD3">{{Ref/Book|Heart's Desire|3}}</ref><ref group="Translation Note">The English localization of ''Moonlit Bamboo Forest (III)'' states that disaster would befall the world if the three sisters failed to switch places in time. This is a major misinterpretation of the original Chinese text, which says that they continued switching places up until the great disaster descended. (See [[Moonlit Bamboo Forest#Notes|Moonlit Bamboo Forest § Notes]] for details.)</ref>

===Second Throne of the Heavens===
* '''? years ago:''' An individual known as the [[Second Who Came]], or the second throne of the heavens, appears. A war breaks out between the [[Primordial One]] and the Second Who Came which results in the destruction of the heavens and earth.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/><ref name="3 Martial Trials" />
** [[Enkanomiya]] falls into the ocean during the disaster and is severed from the surface world.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/>
** '''After the war:''' Whoever emerged victorious and took control of the heavens forbade knowledge of the history that predated this war.<ref name="3 Martial Trials" />
*** When the people of Enkanomiya attempt to return to the surface a year after building the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], they are unable to find a way out. They believe this "power of prohibition" to be the work of the Primordial One and conclude that the Primordial One emerged victorious over the Second Who Came.<ref name="Before Sun and Moon"/><ref name="3 Martial Trials" />
* '''>6000 years ago:''' [[Morax]], a god with dominion over Geo, is born.<ref name="STFG">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Fragrance}}</ref>
* '''~6000 years ago (while Morax was young),<ref name="Solar Relic">{{Ref/Arti|Solar Relic}}</ref> possibly concurrent with the Second Who Came incident:''' The Seelie civilization comes to an abrupt end after a Seelie ancestor falls in love with a certain traveler from afar, possibly as a result of the curse laid upon them that would rob them of their intelligence and strength if they fall in love with humans. Thirty days after they pledge their union in the Lunar Palace, disaster befalls the world and the two attempted to flee from the catastrophe. The calamity caught up to them, however, and they were punished with eternal separation and a curse that robbed them of their memories.<ref name="RJ - MS" /><ref name="ADT3" />
* The moon sisters [[Aria, Sonnet and Canon]] witness the disaster that befell the Seelie ancestor and the traveler from afar and mourn their fate. For unknown reasons, their silver carriage is "overturned" while the "hall of stars" is destroyed. The three sisters eventually turn on and kill each other as well. One of their corpses now remains as the sole moon.<ref name="MBF" /><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Staff of the Scarlet Sands|quote=She once described the night sky adorned with three bright moons to me in a language I have now forgotten — yes, the number of moons should be three.|note=The description is narrated from King Deshret's perspective.}}</ref>
** The wolves in Teyvat have a connection to the moon sisters and mourn their fate.<ref name="MBF" />
** The lost civilization that created the [[Spiral Abyss]] has heavy connections to the moon and the Moon Sisters.<ref>Official Description: [[Spiral Abyss#Description|Spiral Abyss]]<!--which description is it referring to?--></ref>
** The [[Solar Chariot]] falls to the west of what is now [[Dunyu Ruins]], creating [[The Chasm]]. This prosperous mining area would sustain the Dunyu area for thousands of years, up until the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago.<ref name="ROJ6">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|6|Hidden Jade}}</ref> The tribespeople in the area repair it and eventually it returns to the sky.<ref name="Solar Relic" />
*** In alternate versions of the tale, the Solar Chariot is not a literal chariot, but is instead a star which fell into the area now known as The Chasm and returned to the heavens of its own accord during the Archon War.<ref name="ROJ6" />
** The [[Jinn]], a race of elemental spirits who come from the moon, also survive the destruction.<ref name="Shepherd">{{Ref/Item|The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle}}</ref>
* Following the calamity, the heartbroken Seelie withered away in their grief, turning into the small spirit-like forms that are seen today. Cursed to forget their pasts, they pursue the memories they have left by guiding travelers to their old dwelling places, the Seelie Courts.<ref name="RJ - MS" />
** The Seelie Courts in Enkanomiya are notably in better condition than those in Teyvat, which may suggest that the Seelie civilization came to an end around the same time that Enkanomiya fell into the ocean, and thus their courts have been exposed to fewer weather conditions than they would in Teyvat.
** Not all Seelie withered away into their tiny spirit-like forms; a few managed to retain their humanoid forms. After the fall of the Seelie, a certain wolf-king (possibly [[Andrius]]) would meet one of its remnants who had not yet withered away, and befriended her.<ref name="ADT3" /> It is possible she is the "ancient god" from whom Andrius gained his god-like power.<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Lupus Boreas|handbook=1}}</ref>
** A survivor of the Seelie race, heavily implied to be the [[Goddess of Flowers]], went on to befriend [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] and [[King Deshret]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|For the Children of the Past|quote='''Arama:''' Seelies are just empty husks that race left behind. This is because they were born with a curse: If they fall in love with Nara, they shall lose their intelligence and strength, and their bodies will regress.<br />'''Arama:''' There was once a survivor of that race deep within the golden desert who was friends with Queen Aranyani and ruler of Valuka.}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Staff of the Scarlet Sands|quote=Remove the original principles of rules, verdicts, and grace, so that she will no longer be afraid of the punishment that is laid on her kin.}}</ref><ref group="Assumption">Staff of the Scarlet Sands' description is narrated from King Deshret's perspective. The "she" that he refers to is left unstated, but interpreting her as the Goddess of Flowers would corroborate Arama's account in ''For the Children of the Past''.</ref>

===Sumeru===
{{Transclude|Sumeru/History|The New World}}

==Divine Envoy Era==
''Note: While it is unclear how early Celestia and the divine envoys existed, it is assumed that divine envoys appeared after the Second Throne of the Heavens and the fall of the Seelie. The civilization in Enkanomiya, which fell during the Second Throne of the Heavens conflict, is said to have minimal influence from divine envoys, and much of that influence likely came from [[Orobashi]].''<ref name="SubterraTrials" /><ref name="ADT3" />

* '''? years ago''' ― The earth is covered by raw elements &mdash; unending ice, flames, and the like. Envoys of the gods made the earth more hospitable for humanity and dwelled among them, while humans could communicate with [[Celestia]] directly. The white [[Irminsul]] trees, connected to the ley lines in the earth, held great importance in the religious rituals of these ancient civilizations.
** ''Once upon a time, the people of the land could hear revelations from Celestia directly. The envoys of the gods walked among benighted humanity then.''<ref name="PTS">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Prayers to Springtime}}</ref><ref name="PFI">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Prayers for Illumination}}</ref><ref name="PFD">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Prayers for Destiny}}</ref><ref name="PFW">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Prayers for Wisdom}}</ref> ''In those days, life was weak, and the earth was blanketed in unending ice.''<ref name="PTS" /> ''The eternal ice had just begun to thaw, and the first fires were still new.''<ref name="PFI" /> ''[...] the ancient flames were extinguished amidst the first falling rains.''<ref name="PFD" /> ''[...] the waters ran dry as thunder first pierced the skies.''<ref name="PFW" />
* The nature of the world Celestia created was cyclical; humanity would thrive and prosper under Celestia's blessings before being coming to an end, and then the earth would be renewed and the cycle begins once again.<ref name="PTS" /> However, humanity was not meant to know this, so when people questioned how long their prosperity would last, the heavenly envoys remained silent.<ref name="PFI" /><ref name="PFD" />
** To receive answers from Celestia, the people appointed a chief priest who, wearing a crown made of Irminsul branches, would head to the depths of the world to attain enlightenment.<ref name="PFI" /><ref name="PFD" />
** Every retiring chief priest offers their Irminsul tiara to the earth in the underground chamber. Over time, a mountain of white-branched crowns amassed underneath a withered tree.<ref name="PTS" />
* '''? years ago''' ― One civilization blessed with wisdom grew prideful and ambitious. They challenged the gods' authority and sought to enter the gardens of heavens. This angered the heavenly envoys, and the chief priest donned a crown of Irminsul branches and went to the depths of the world to try and appease them.<ref name="PFD" />
* '''? years ago''' ― At some point, a kingdom is established in the heavens with a king and two heirs. The first heir is tasked with finding the Genesis Pearl from the Kingdom of Darkness, but she is deceived, and her memory is changed to make her believe she was the queen of the Kingdom of Darkness. The second heir is sent out for the same task, and it is unknown if he succeeded or not.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/E0pkwZVL_GQ Story Teaser: Gnostic Chorus (Battle Pass)]</ref>

===Sal Vindagnyr (Dragonspine)===
{{Transclude|Mondstadt/History|Sal Vindagnyr (Dragonspine)}}

===Enkanomiya===
{{Transclude|Inazuma/History|Enkanomiya}}

===Tsurumi Island===
{{Transclude|Inazuma/History|Tsurumi Island}}

===Khaenri'ah===
{{Transclude|Khaenri'ah/History|Divine Envoy Era}}

==Pre-Archon War==
===Mondstadt===
====Old Mondstadt====
{{Transclude|Mondstadt/History|Old Mondstadt}}

===Liyue===
====Guili Assembly====
{{Transclude|Liyue/History|Guili Assembly}}

====Lisha Civilizations====
{{Transclude|Liyue/History|Lisha Civilizations}}

====Other Regions of Liyue====
{{Transclude|Liyue/History|Other Regions of Liyue}}

===Inazuma===
{{Transclude|Inazuma/History|Pre-Archon War}}

===Sumeru===
* According to legend, [[King Deshret]] was a "son of the sky,"<ref name="TLAA">{{Ref/Item|The Lay of Al-Ahmar}}</ref> but he was born after the fall of the Seelie and the [[Moon Sisters]] and only learned of their stories from an unspecified woman (likely either the Goddess of Flowers or Greater Lord Rukkhadevata).<ref name="SotSS">{{Ref/Weapon|Staff of the Scarlet Sands}}</ref><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">The narrative in ''The Lay of Al-Ahmar'' suggests that he once lived in Celestia. However, this is not corroborated by the narrative of ''The Shepherd and the Magic Bottle'' (which states that he learned the story of the Moon Sisters from the Jinn) or the description of Staff of the Scarlet Sands (which is narrated from Deshret's point of view and says that "she" &mdash; either the Goddess of Flowers or Greater Lord Rukkhadevata &mdash; told him the story instead).</ref>
* The [[Goddess of Flowers]], [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], and King Deshret befriend each other and become known as the God-Kings of Sumeru.<ref name="For the Children of the Past" /><ref name="Scroll of Streaming Song" /><ref name="Gilded Dreams">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Gilded Dreams}}</ref>

====Ay-Khanoum====
{{Transclude|Sumeru/History|Ay-Khanoum}}

====Dharma Forest====
{{Transclude|Sumeru/History|Dharma Forest}}

====King Deshret's Civilization====
{{Transclude|Sumeru/History|King Deshret's Civilization}}

====Gurabad====
{{Transclude|Sumeru/History|Gurabad}}

====City-States Era====
{{Transclude|Sumeru/History|City-States Era}}

===Fontaine===
* '''? years ago''' ― The previous [[Hydro Archon]] creates<ref name="Life Flows On">{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (II)}}</ref> and uses the Oceanids (as Rhodeia, the [[Spring Fairy]], and [[Endora]]) as spies in the world.

===Currently Unknown Regions of Teyvat===
*'''? years ago''' ― The Beast of Thunder enslaved a group of people with lightning and wreaked havoc on the land. The Thundersoother, whose family was killed in some sort of sacrifice, went to the cave of the Beast of Thunder, which was either near or in a volcano. He fought and beheaded the Beast of Thunder, and received a crown for his accomplishment, but spent his final days in solitude.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Thundersoother}}</ref>
* '''? years ago''' ― The Berserker's homeland was consumed by flame during a war between gods and mortals. Seemingly the only survivor and a powerful warrior, the Berserker's iron mask was burned onto his face when his homeland fell and he went insane from the desire for revenge against Celestia. He went on a rampage, fighting humans, monsters and gods alike over time. At one point he even apparently fought a single giant monster for several years before killing it. However, it seems he eventually died, either in battle or after defeating whatever his last enemy was.<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Berserker}}</ref>

==The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)==
<section begin="archonwarstart" />{{main|Archon War}}
''Note: The term "Archon War" is a catch-all term for the various, scattered conflicts across [[Teyvat]] to determine who would become one of [[The Seven]]. For example, in Liyue, the Archon War was fought between many gods, including [[Morax]], [[Guizhong]], [[Havria]], [[Osial]], and more. In Mondstadt, however, the only known conflict during the Archon War was between [[Andrius]] and [[Decarabian]].''

* '''? years ago''' ― Seven divine seats in [[Celestia]] open up, causing the gods to become embroiled in a bitter struggle for supremacy.<ref name="TLTF">{{Ref/Quest|Treasure Lost, Treasure Found (Part 1)}}</ref>
** Many gods fought for the sake of their ideals for a prosperous humanity. ''"That which lurks within and animates this relic are the divine remains of lamenting gods. They are unrealized ideals, designs for a prosperous humanity that could never be."''<ref>{{Ref/Item|Divine Body from Guyun}}</ref>
** During the Archon War, the infighting amongst gods was but one cause of conflict in Teyvat; other creatures and entities also sought to expand their domains, taking advantage of the chaos to encroach on the continent.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|That Which Rises From the Sea}}</ref>
*** In Liyue, legends of sea monsters are commonplace due to the "[[Dark Sea|other-shore]]," a region that lies outside of Teyvat.<ref name="Piece of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Piece of Aerosiderite}}</ref> People in ancient times would use the bones of such sea monsters as figureheads on their ships to frighten away the beasts.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Serpent Spine}}</ref><section end="archonwarstart" />

===Mondstadt===
====The Age of Kings====
{{Transclude|Mondstadt/History|The Age of Kings (?–2000 years ago)}}

===Haar Islands (Golden Apple Archipelago)===
{{Transclude|Golden Apple Archipelago/History|The Archon War (?–2000 Years ago)}}

===Liyue===
====The Fall of the Guili Assembly====
{{Transclude|Liyue/History|The Fall of the Guili Assembly}}

===Inazuma===
{{Transclude|Inazuma/History|The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)}}

===Khaenri'ah===
{{Transclude|Khaenri'ah/History|The Archon War (?–2000 years ago)}}

==Post-Archon War==
<section begin="archonwarend" />
* '''2000 years ago''' ― The Archon War comes to an end as the final divine seat in Celestia is claimed, cementing the positions of [[The Seven]]'s original members.<ref name="EQBM">{{Ref/Quest|Equilibrium}}</ref><ref name="Zhongli 5">{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5}}</ref> Defeated gods who refused to live under The Seven's rule fled to islands in the [[Dark Sea]], where they became evil gods.<ref name="Bit of Aerosiderite">{{Ref/Item|Bit of Aerosiderite}}</ref><section end="archonwarend" />
** After [[Barbatos]] pays a visit to [[Morax]] &mdash; not in need of assistance, but rather to explore the neighboring country &mdash; the first iteration of The Seven would often gather in Liyue Harbor.<ref name="EQBM" /><ref name="Zhongli 5" /><ref name="STFG">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Fragrance}}</ref>
* '''2000–500 years ago''' ― Over the course of 1500 years, the original Cryo, Dendro, Electro, Hydro, and Pyro Archons pass away, leaving only Barbatos and Morax as the remnants of the original Seven.<ref name="EQBM" /><ref name="Zhongli 5" /><ref name="STFG" /> It is unknown how many times those positions have changed hands, but they have since been replaced by the [[Tsaritsa]], the [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]], [[Ei]], the [[God of Justice]], and [[Murata]], respectively. Of them, the Lesser Lord Kusanali is the newest, having ascended after the cataclysm 500 years ago.<ref name="STFG" />
** The original Seven's sworn duty to guide humanity is no longer honored by some of the newer Archons.<ref name="Zhongli 5" />

===Mondstadt===
====Mondstadt's Aristocratic Period (2600–1000 years ago)====
{{See also|Mondstadt Aristocracy}}

=====Early Aristocratic Period (2600–1600 years ago)=====
{{Transclude|Mondstadt/History|Early Aristocratic Period (2600–1600 years ago)}}

=====Late Aristocratic Period (1600–1000 years ago)=====
{{Transclude|Mondstadt/History|Late Aristocratic Period (1600–1000 years ago)}}

====Mondstadt Reborn (1000–500 years ago)====
{{Transclude|Mondstadt/History|Mondstadt Reborn (1000–500 years ago)}}

===Liyue===
{{Transclude|Liyue/History|Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)}}

===Inazuma===
{{Transclude|Inazuma/History|Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)}}

===Fontaine===
{{Transclude|Fontaine/History|Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)}}

===Natlan===
{{Transclude|Natlan/History|Post-Archon War (2000–500 years ago)}}<div id="500">

==Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)==
===Mondstadt===
{{Transclude|Mondstadt/History|Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)}}

===Liyue===
{{Transclude|Liyue/History|Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)}}

===Inazuma===
{{Transclude|Inazuma/History|Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)}}

===Khaenri'ah===
{{Transclude|Khaenri'ah/History|Pre-Cataclysm (>500 years ago)}}

==The Cataclysm (500 years ago)==
{{main|Cataclysm}}
<section begin="cataclysmstart" />
* Monsters from [[the Abyss]] invade the aboveground world of [[Teyvat]], causing widespread devastation.<ref name="CA">{{Ref/Item|Chunk of Aerosiderite}}</ref>
** The people of Teyvat attribute the creation of these monsters to a "great sinner," [[Gold]],<ref name="CA" /><ref name="BAF1">{{Ref/Book|Breeze Amidst the Forest|1|Ballad Selection Excerpt}}</ref> also known as [[Albedo]]'s master and mother [[Rhinedottir]].<ref name="snowy">{{Ref/Quest|The Snowy Past}}</ref>
* The Kingdom of [[Khaenri'ah]] is destroyed by the [[Heavenly Principles]],<ref name="Promise of a People's Dream">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/hQ5GEOlwLUQ Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream]</ref> causing the fall of the [[Eclipse Dynasty]] and the entire civilization.<ref name="BAF1" /> Khaenri'ah's destruction causes a devastating ripple effect.<ref>Genshin Impact Official Site: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/map Teyvat]<br />''You have arrived in Teyvat &mdash; a fantasy world where the seven elements flow and converge.<br />In the distant past, the Archons granted mortals unique elemental abilities. With the help of such powers, people formed a bountiful homeland out of the wilderness. However, 500 years ago, the collapse of an ancient civilization turned the universe upside down...<br />Though the calamity the world suffered has ceased, peace has yet to be restored.''</ref>
** [[The Seven]] become involved in Khaenri'ah after the Abyss' invasion of Teyvat.<ref name="Promise of a People's Dream" /><ref group="Assumption" name="Abyss-Khaen Order">In both [https://youtu.be/ydPqFAEgHzs Character Teaser - "Raiden Shogun: Nightmare"] and [https://youtu.be/hQ5GEOlwLUQ Story Teaser: Promise of a People's Dream], which depict other events in chronological order, the [[Kitsune Saiguu]]'s death during the Abyss' attack is depicted before Makoto's death in what appears to be Khaenri'ah. From this, it can be assumed that the Abyss attacked Teyvat before The Seven were involved in Khaenri'ah. However, this does not exclude the possibility that the gods in Celestia attacked Khaenri'ah first.</ref><section end="cataclysmstart" />
* Aether and Lumine fall to Teyvat while traveling between different worlds after their home world was destroyed.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Sword of Descension}}</ref> They crash-land and fall unconscious from their "meteorite" impact.
** The Traveler's sibling wakes up first and learned more about Teyvat. The sibling witnesses the cataclysm<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/SO__VQZirJ4?t=35 The Traveler's sibling witnesses the cataclysm]</ref> and the Gods destroying Khaenri'ah. They rush back to their impact-point and wake up The Traveler, showing them the destruction that's being wrought in Khaenri'ah.<ref name="Traveler 1" /><ref name="AHWOA - traveler wakes up">{{Ref/Quest|A Herald Without Adherents|quote='The Traveler tells Dain about the sea of flames they saw 500 years ago, and that god they encountered...'}}</ref>
*** Due to the Traveler's sibling's journey with [[Dainsleif]] taking place after the Cataclysm, it is presumed that the sibling here has only briefly explored Teyvat before encountering the Cataclysm. <ref>{{Ref/Quest|In the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion}}</ref><ref name="A Toast to Victory">{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref><ref group="Assumption">For the [[Traveler's sibling]] to have come across the midst of the Cataclysm, they would have needed to travel the world at least for a period of time beforehand. However, because they only have started their journey around [[Teyvat]] with [[Dainsleif]] after the [[Cataclysm]], this means that they must have either only briefly explored the land beforehand, or went on their own journey, which of the latter is not documented anywhere inside of the storyline.</ref>
** Before meeting the Unknown God, Lumine twines an [[Inteyvat]] in her hair.<ref name="AQ0-0">{{Ref/Quest|Wanderer's Trail}}</ref><ref name ="AQ2-4-3"> {{Ref/Quest|Memories of Inteyvat}} </ref>
*** If Aether is chosen as the Traveler, it is implied Lumine picked the flowers from Khaenri'ah herself. If Lumine is chosen as the Traveler, it is implied Aether gifted them to her after returning from Khaenri'ah to wake her.
** The twins attempt to leave immediately, only to be stopped by the [[Unknown God]]. The twins battle against the Unknown God in last-resort attempt to leave, spawning wings and custom swords. The twins lose the fight, with the Unknown God trapping the Traveler's sibling first within a cube, and then the Traveler after they attempt to free their sibling. The Traveler falls asleep within the cubes once again for the next 500 years.<ref name="Traveler 1" /><ref name="AQ0-0">{{Ref/Quest|Wanderer's Trail}}</ref>

===Mondstadt===
{{Transclude|Mondstadt/History|The Cataclysm (500 years ago)}}

===Liyue===
{{Transclude|Liyue/History|The Cataclysm (500 years ago)}}

===Inazuma===
{{Transclude|Inazuma/History|The Cataclysm (500 years ago)}}

===Sumeru===
{{Transclude|Sumeru/History|The Cataclysm (500 years ago)}}

===Khaenri'ah===
{{Transclude|Khaenri'ah/History|The Cataclysm (500 years ago)}}

==Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)==
* '''<500 years ago''' ― Following the cataclysm, [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] is born and rises to the position of Dendro Archon to replace [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]], who disappeared during the chaos.<ref name="STFG" /> Meanwhile, for reasons yet unclear, the Tsaritsa cuts all ties with Barbatos.<ref name="Ending Note" />
** The amount and activity of [[hilichurls]] in [[Teyvat]] drastically increases,<ref>{{Ref/Enemy|Hilichurl}}</ref> suggesting some of them may have been [[Khaenri'ah]]n denizens who were transformed into hilichurls as punishment for the cataclysm.
* '''<500 years ago''' ― In Liyue, the cataclysm created a martial arts renaissance as people sought ways to fight the monsters that continued appearing even after the immediate monster threat ended. Yun Hui of the Yun family, a clan of blacksmiths, joined forces with master craftsman Han Wu to produce a series of weapon designs now known as the "[[Prototype Series|prototypes]]".<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Starglitter}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Archaic}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Amber}}</ref>
* '''<500 years ago''' ― The Traveler's sibling wakes up first (again) after being trapped by the Unknown God.
** The sibling spends some time traveling with [[Dainsleif]], until he/she met [[Chlothar|Eide]] (later known as Chlothar Alberich) in Sumeru, where he try to cure his now-turned-to-hillichurl illegitimate son named [[Caribert (NPC)|Caribert]].
**After witnessing the miracle granted by a strange being (who called itself a "sinner"), Chlothar declares the founding of [[Abyss Order]].
**Not long after the founding of Abyss Order, the sibling parting ways with Dainsleif, due to finding "finding the truth about this world".<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Bough Keeper: Dainsleif}}</ref><ref name="A Toast to Victory" />
**100 years after Abyss Order was founded, Chlothar finally killed himself at Sumeru, and the sibling assumes leadership of the Abyss Order.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|When the Wind Dies Down}}</ref><ref name="A Soul Set Apart">{{Ref/Quest|A Soul Set Apart}}</ref>
{{Transclude|Inazuma/History|Post-Cataclysm (500–100 years ago)}}
* '''After the cataclysm, September 13''' ― [[Rhinedottir]] creates [[Albedo]]. He is born after the destruction of Khaenri'ah and has never seen the nation firsthand.<ref name="snowy" />
* '''? years ago''' ― [[Pierro]] becomes the first of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]].<ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|Delusion}}</ref>
* '''? years ago''' ― Before the [[Crimson Witch of Flame]] could be fully devoured by her own flames, [[Pierro]], the 1st of the [[Fatui Harbingers]], finds her and recruits her, giving her a Cryo Delusion to put out her flames.<ref name="stainless bloom">{{Ref/Arti|Stainless Bloom}}</ref><ref name="funerary mask">{{Ref/Item|Funerary Mask}}</ref><ref name="ashen heart">{{Ref/Item|Ashen Heart}}</ref><ref name="signora boss archive description">{{Ref/Enemy|Narukami Island: Tenshukaku}}</ref><ref group="Assumption">The lands that the Crimson Witch of Flame burned are unspecified, but as Rosalyne lived in Mondstadt and learned of Rostam's death upon her return to Mondstadt, it is assumed that Pierro found the Crimson Witch of Flame in Mondstadt. The exact time he found her is also unknown, but since the Tsaritsa sent Pierro to recruit for the Fatui in response to the cataclysm and the Crimson Witch of Flame was being burned alive by the very flames she turned herself into, Pierro must have found the Crimson Witch of Flame shortly after the cataclysm.</ref> The Crimson Witch of Flame becomes Signora, the 8th of the Fatui Harbingers.
* '''400 years ago''' ― Jacob Musk, an ancestor of [[Ella Musk]] and [[Dr. Edith]], writes "An Investigation into the Cultural Customs of the Wind Kingdom," which is excerpted in [[Breeze Amidst the Forest#Vol. 2|Breeze Amidst the Forest]].
* '''>300 years ago''' ― [[Olaf]] is born.
* '''300 years ago''' ― A certain breed of boar, prized for its extraordinarily sumptuous taste, is driven to extinction everywhere besides [[Dragonspine]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Present From the Past}}</ref>
** [[Olaf]], a denizen from [[Springvale]], is frozen by a [[Cryo Regisvine]] while attempting to hunt such a boar, making him at least 300 years old in present day.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lucky Find}}</ref> According to stories passed down during his time, Springvale was formed around a spring created by melted ice and snow from Dragonspine,<ref name="Olaf">{{Ref/NPC|Olaf}}</ref> so it was established after Sal Vindagnyr froze over.
*** Legends of the Spring Fairy at Springvale were unheard of during Olaf's time,<ref name="Olaf" /> making the Spring Fairy's story recounted in [[Heart of Clear Springs]] occur at an unknown point after his accidental cryopreservation.
* '''200 years ago''' ― The most talented scholar of Sumeru Akademiya (before Lisa) graduates.<ref>Lisa's In-Game Profile: [[Lisa/Lore#Personality|Quote]]</ref>
* '''<200 years ago''' ― The Spring Fairy, a [[lochfolk]], moves into Springvale from Fontaine and blesses its spring waters.<ref name="Life Flows On">{{Ref/Quest|Life Flows On (II)}}</ref>
* '''>120 years ago''' ― [[Faruzan]] is born.
** '''>100 years ago''' ― Faruzan is trapped within the desert ruin, cannot escaped until a century later.

==Recent Past (<100 years ago)==
''Note: The bullets below are arranged in order of relative reverse chronological order, estimated based on characters' apparent ages.''

*'''? years ago''' ― The incident known as "The [[Defiled Statue|Lost Statue of the Seven]]" occurs.
**A Statue of the Seven in Mondstadt vanished overnight. Although nearly every member of the Church of Favonius searched for it, it was never found.<ref name="dishonorable trial old stories">{{Ref/Quest|Dishonorable Trial}}</ref> This Statue was stolen by the Abyss Order for their "Loom of Fate" operation and is now the [[Defiled Statue]].<ref name="defiled statue info1">{{Ref/Quest|Involuntary Sacrifice}}</ref><ref name="defiled statue info2">{{Ref/Quest|A Herald Without Adherents}}</ref><ref group="Note">Since the Loom of Fate operation is still in its early stages in Present Day, the Defiled Statue was likely stolen somewhat recently. However, it was stolen long enough ago that Barbara says that it's an "old story" and happened "a long time ago."</ref>
* '''50–40 years ago''' ― [[Amber's grandfather]], a renowned mercenary leader from Liyue,<ref name="FWB">{{Ref/Weapon|Favonius Warbow}}</ref> falls victim to a disastrous monster attack that leaves him the sole survivor. After being saved by a doctor from the Knights of Favonius, he decides to move to Mondstadt and become a member himself. There, he established the Outriders, a division of archer scouts whose members he personally trained. He also starts a family there.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Amber|2}}</ref>
**Amber's grandfather is implied to be the adventurer whom [[Granny Ruoxin]] fell in love with and promised to live with at [[Qingce Village]], who embarked on an expedition only to disappear. The [[Qingce Village Bulletin Board]] contains a message about an unnamed former villager who went to Mondstadt to become a knight, who has recently (as of the present day) returned only to "skulk about," though his manner of using a wind glider is apparently unmistakable.
*'''~40–20 years ago''' ― [[Big G]] has an accident and passes away. The village at Wuwang hill suffers (another) disaster, and all the village's inhabitants (including [[Little Wu]], [[Meng]], [[Mumu]], and [[Congzi]]) abandon their hometown, heading to Liyue Harbor.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Friendships, Wishes, and Regrets}}</ref>
*'''30 years ago''' ― [[Tejima]] arrives in [[Konda Village]] and settles there, using his vision to protect the villagers from both internal and external threats.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting}}</ref>
*'''? years ago''' ― The famous adventurer [[Seamus Pegg]] decides to settle down in Mondstadt, joining the [[Church of Favonius]] and eventually rising to the position of Cardinal of Daybreak. He also falls in love with [[Frederica Gunnhildr]] of the [[Gunnhildr Clan]].
**'''~25–15 years ago''' ― Seamus and Frederica have two daughters together, [[Jean]] and [[Barbara]]. Some years later, the two lovers have a falling out and separate; Jean stays with Frederica, while Barbara goes with Seamus.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Jean|5}}</ref>
*'''20 years ago''' ― The last time the Mingxiao Lantern of the [[Lantern Rite Festival]] was as big as it is in present day.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Jiangzhou|c=during Lantern Rite}}</ref>
*'''? years ago''' ― The [[Wangshu Inn]] is constructed at [[Dihua Marsh]] by the [[Liyue Qixing]], operated by [[Verr Goldet]] and [[Huai'an]], in order to provide covert support for [[Xiao]].<ref>{{Ref/CS|Xiao|3}}</ref>
*'''? years ago''' ― [[Collei]] is born sickly, and is given to a seer named [[Barnabas]]<ref name="CHAP11">{{Ref/Manga|11|1}}</ref> for treatment. Unbeknownst to her parents, however, Barnabas is an agent of the [[Fatui]] and turns Collei into a test subject for their Archon Residue experiments.<ref name="CHAP3">{{Ref/Manga|3|2}}</ref><ref name="CHAP12">{{Ref/Manga|12|2}}</ref>
*'''12 years ago''' ― [[Diluc]] receives his Vision at age 10.<ref name="CHAP2">{{Ref/Manga|2|2}}</ref>
*'''>10 years and 6 months ago, end of summer''' ― [[Kaeya]] is abandoned by his biological father near the Dawn Winery as part of an "ancient plot," presumably to save Khaenri'ah. [[Crepus]] finds him and takes him in, raising him alongside [[Diluc]].<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kaeya|4}}</ref><ref group="Note">It is currently unknown exactly when Kaeya told his story that happened "a decade ago" to the Grand Master.</ref>
*'''10 years ago''' ― Frederica prepares strict training regimens for Jean, which continues to influence her habits long after she became a member of the Knights of Favonius.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Jean|Jean's Daily Schedule - Ver. XVII}}</ref>
*'''? years ago''' ― 100 years after she trapped within the desert ruins, Faruzan finally escapes, and found at Sumeru forest.
*'''8 years ago''' ― Diluc becomes the Cavalry Captain of the Knights of Favonius at 14 years old,<ref name="CHAP2" /> making him the youngest-ever holder of any captaincy within the Order.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Diluc|2}}</ref>
*'''8–4 years ago''' ― ''The following events presumably occur sometime between 8–4 years ago. The events are listed in a tentative chronological order, but there is no confirmation on when exactly they occurred relative to the present.''
**Jean is conferred the title of Dandelion Knight at 15 years old.<ref name="Jean 4" />
**After running away from home in a fit of boredom, a 14-year-old Ajax (later known as [[Tartaglia]] or Childe) falls into the Abyss, where he meets a swordswoman called [[Skirk]].<ref>{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Skirk}}</ref> She teaches him how to navigate through the Abyss, trains him to fight, and hones his ability to cause chaos around him. After spending three months there, he returns to Teyvat, where only three days had passed since his disappearance.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|4}}</ref>
***The newfound havoc Ajax left in his wake led his father to hand him over to the Fatui, where his uncanny prowess in battle caught the attention of [[Pulcinella]], the 5th Harbinger. Ajax was officially inducted into the Fatui and worked his way up,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|5}}</ref> until he became the youngest-ever Harbinger to join their ranks.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|Character Details}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|1}}</ref>
** [[Hu Tao]]'s grandfather dies when she is 13. She takes over [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] as the 77th director. Her grandfather's funeral is the first funeral she oversees. She receives her Vision after her visit to [[Wuwang Hill]] to see if he has moved on to the afterlife peacefully.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Hu Tao|Vision}}</ref>
** On the night of [[Diona]]'s seventh birthday, she is blessed by the Spring Fairy of Springvale with the ability to make delectable beverages, no matter the ingredients.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Diona|5}}</ref>
*'''4 years ago''' ― ''Two notable events occur in Mondstadt during this time period: The death of Crepus Ragnvindr, and the disappearance of Amber's grandfather.''
**'''April 30, 4 years ago''' ― On Diluc's 18th birthday, [[Crepus|Crepus Ragnvindr]] dies after using a [[Delusion]] to protect his and Diluc's caravan from [[Ursa the Drake]],<ref name="CHAP7">{{Ref/Manga|7|1}}</ref> which was lured to them by the Fatui using metal bugs that emit the aroma of [[Mist Grass]].<ref name="CHAP6">{{Ref/Manga|6|1}}</ref> Afterwards, [[Eroch]], an inspector within the Knights of Favonius, orders that the cause of Crepus' death be covered up to maintain the Knights of Favonius' dignity, attributing Ursa's retreat to Diluc while labeling Crepus as a victim of the monster attack. In a fit of rage, Diluc resigns from the Knights of Favonius and abandons his Vision to investigate the truth behind Delusions for himself.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Diluc|3}}</ref><ref name="CHAP8">{{Ref/Manga|8|1}}</ref>
***Details on Crepus' death are left ambiguous in-universe: Diluc's character stories and one of Kaeya's character stories say the power of the Delusion backfired and killed Crepus,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Diluc|4}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Kaeya|5}}</ref> but according to Kaeya's Vision story and his description of Diluc in the manga, Diluc personally killed Crepus to spare him the suffering caused when the Delusion backfired.<ref name="CHAP2" /><ref name="Kaeya Vision">{{Ref/CS|Kaeya|Vision}}</ref> The manga's flashback is ambiguous and can favor either interpretation.<ref name="CHAP7" /><ref group="Note">In the flashback, the pacing suggests that the battle with Ursa ends, Crepus collapses, Kaeya and other knights arrive at the scene, and Crepus dies in Diluc's arm's all in very short order, with no suggested time-lapses. However, when Crepus dies in Diluc's arms, there is blood on Diluc's face that was not there when Crepus collapsed after the battle ended.</ref>
***On the night of Crepus' death, Kaeya reveals the truth about his origins and purpose to Diluc. In the ensuing fight, Kaeya gains his Vision.<ref name="Kaeya Vision" />
**Shortly after Crepus' death, the Fatui use the metal bugs again to lure out Ursa the Drake so [[Il Dottore]] can slay it, forcing Mondstadt to be indebted to the Fatui and giving them leverage in the city's affairs.<ref name="CHAP12" />
**'''4 years ago, after Crepus' death''' ― Amber's grandfather abruptly resigns from the Knights of Favonius and disappears,<ref name="FWB" /> leading to rumors that he had defected.<ref group="Assumption">In the manga, Amber mentions that she overheard the argument between Eroch and Diluc while hiding in a cupboard to prank her grandfather, indicating that he hadn't resigned at the time of Crepus' death.</ref> Amber joined the Outriders shortly before this and watches as the division crumbles in the absence of its leader.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Amber|3}}</ref> Determined to live up to her grandfather's reputation and uncover the mystery behind his disappearance, Amber gains a Vision shortly after becoming an official Outrider.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Amber|Vision}}</ref><ref group="Lore Discrepancy">Amber's Character Story 3 and Vision Story conflict on whether she joined the Outriders before or after her grandfather's disappearance.<br />One possible explanation which would resolve this discrepancy is that new members are not considered official Outriders until they have finished a training period. Amber's Character Story 3 says she was "admitted to the Outriders" before her grandfather's disappearance, whereas her Vision Story specifies that she "officially became an Outrider" after her grandfather's disappearance.</ref>
***At some point after leaving Mondstadt, a man matching his description returns to Qingce Village some 40–50 years after he last visited the village.<ref>{{Ref/BB|Qingce Village Bulletin Board|About Amber's Grandfather}}</ref>
*'''<4 years ago''' ― ''The following events presumably occur sometime between 4 years ago and the present. The events are listed in a tentative chronological order, but there is no confirmation on when exactly they occurred relative to the present.''
** Eroch is found to be a traitor and is purged from the Knights of Favonius along with his co-conspirators,<ref name="Diluc 5">{{Ref/CS|Diluc|5}}</ref> while Jean is promoted from Captain to Master of Knights. Rooting out Eroch's allies while thwarting the plots of the Abyss Order grants Jean her Vision.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Jean|Vision}}</ref>
**After two years of study at Sumeru Akademiya, Lisa graduates. Disillusioned with the atmosphere there, she returns to Mondstadt and joins the Knights of Favonius. Grand Master Varka sought to promote her to Captain of the 8th Company immediately, but this notion was opposed by its Field Officer, Nymph. After a field test, Lisa decides to take the position of Librarian instead so she wouldn't have the responsibilities of captaincy.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Lisa|4}}</ref>
**'''May 28, ? years ago''' ― [[Fischl]] gains her Vision the moment her 14th birthday is over.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Fischl|5}}</ref> Shortly afterwards, she becomes an investigator at the [[Adventurers' Guild]] despite her young age thanks to her Vision and her parents' influence.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Fischl|1}}</ref>
**[[Razor]] meets [[Varka]], the current Knight of Boreas, when the man visits [[Wolvendom]] one day.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Razor|3}}</ref> Varka gives him his name and teaches him how to use claymores, but embarks on his expedition before ever giving Razor his own name.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Razor|4}}</ref> At some point, he also gains an Electro Vision while attempting to save his lupical from an Abyss Mage. Several months or years later, he comes across [[Lisa]], who decides to become his teacher.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Razor|5}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Razor|Vision}}</ref>
**[[Qiqi]], still trapped in amber after hundreds of years, is discovered and taken to the [[Wangsheng Funeral Parlor]] for burial. However, she is still alive thanks to the adeptal energy bestowed upon her and, with the seal having worn off over hundreds of years, manages to escape in the middle of the night. She stumbles upon [[Baizhu]], who decides to employ her at [[Bubu Pharmacy]] due to her unique nature.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|5}}</ref>
**The Traveler wakes up after being attacked by the Unknown God, finding the current state of Teyvat unfamiliar. They continue wandering alone for some time until they meet Paimon.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Traveler|2}}</ref>
* '''Several years ago''' ― Experts from [[Fontaine]] are brought to [[Tatarasuna]] to construct the [[Mikage Furnace]], harnessing the energy of the [[Tatarigami]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Tatara Tales (Quest)}}</ref>
*'''3 years ago''' ― Klee is entrusted to Albedo and the Knights of Favonius by her parents.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Klee|1}}</ref> 
**'''~3 years ago''' ― Rhinedottir and [[Albedo]] discover an artifact called The Heart of Naberius within the heart of a dungeon in an unknown region. Shortly thereafter, Rhinedottir disappears, leaving Albedo only a note instructing him to uncover the "truth and meaning of this world," a recommendation letter to give to her friend [[Alice]], and a part of the classical text Opus Magnum.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Albedo|4}}</ref> After finding Alice, Albedo is sent to the Knights of Favonius, who could supply him with a laboratory with which to conduct his research.<ref group="Assumption">It is unclear when exactly Albedo joined the Knights of Favonius, but between Albedo's [[Albedo/Lore#Character Story 2|second character story]] and Klee's [[Klee/Lore#Character Story 1|first character story]], it appears they came to Mondstadt around the same time.</ref> There, his prowess in the Art of Khemia, a yet-unseen art in Mondstadt,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Albedo|5}}</ref> lands him the position of Chief Alchemist.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Albedo|2}}</ref>
** Diluc journeys across Teyvat to seek the truth behind the Delusions. He discovers that the Fatui are behind them and, in the process of finding out more, lays waste to countless Fatui strongholds. Unable to ignore this threat, the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]] set up a trap for him and nearly kill him, but he narrowly escapes due to a "third-party observer from the north." This observer is part of an underground network which Diluc joins.
*'''1 year ago''' ― At the behest of the Fatui,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Delusion (Quest)}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Duel Before the Throne}}</ref> the Electro Archon, [[Ei]], suddenly institutes the [[Sakoku Decree]] to shut [[Inazuma]]'s borders and the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] &mdash; an order to seize all Visions within its borders.<ref name="TFFW">{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref> Furthermore, since then, no new Electro Visions are known to have appeared, though preexisting Visions can still be used.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Endless Research}}</ref>
**The [[Sangonomiya Resistance]] is formed to resist the Vision Hunt Decree. Since then, the Shogunate Army and the Sangonomiya Resistance have been at war, which has halted to a stalemate.
* '''6 months ago''' ― Grand Master [[Varka]] takes the elites of the Knights of Favonius, as well as the cavalry,<ref>{{Ref/VO|Kaeya|More About Kaeya: I}}</ref> with him on an expedition away from Mondstadt, appointing Jean as Acting Grand Master in his absence.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Jean|3}}</ref> [[Seamus Pegg]] and [[Godwin]] are among those who went with him,<ref>{{Ref/VO|Barbara|About Varka}}</ref> though Godwin was left behind when he took the time to look for [[Glory]]'s good-luck charm that he misplaced.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Godwin}}</ref>
**After Varka's departure, Diluc returns to Mondstadt, taking over as head of the Dawn Winery that he had entrusted to [[Adelinde]] and [[Elzer]] and taking up his Vision once more. Around this same time, a mysterious entity who becomes known as the "Darknight Hero" appears, prowling Mondstadt at night and fending off threats to the city. Unbeknownst to most people, this hero is Diluc himself.<ref name="Diluc 5" />
**A thief steals an artifact from a certain eastern temple in Mondstadt, a vial supposedly containing Barbatos' breath. After word got out, counterfeits have flooded the black market and since then, Diluc and the Fatui have been in a purchasing war in their attempts to each secure the genuine artifact.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|State of the Holy Lyre der Himmel}}</ref>
*'''Last Ludi Harpastum (~1 year to 6 months ago)''' ― The events of the manga's main story occur.<ref group="Lore Discrepancy">Crepus' death occurs 3 years before the manga's events, while Diluc's character stories place it 4 years before the game's story, making the manga set roughly a year before the game. However, this does not match the timeline according to Diluc's stories: he returned to Mondstadt after Varka left on his expedition, setting his return sometime within 6 months before the game's story. The message on the [[Cat's Tail Message Board#About Collei...|Cat's Tail Message Board]] about Collei says she was seen at the "last Ludi Harpastum" before the game's story, with no indication of how long ago it occurred.</ref>
**The Fatui, led by [[Il Dottore]], attempt to take of Ludi Harpastum to recruit more test subjects, but are thwarted in their initial attempt by Diluc and Kaeya's plan, and Dottore loses interest in the city. As some Fatui diplomats are about to leave on Dottore's orders, they run afoul of Collei, who needed a distraction to slip into the city. She uses the power of her Archon Residue to create a serpent of black fire that kills the diplomats, and the Knights of Favonius are obligated to investigate the situation to maintain relations with the Fatui.
** Collei, seeking information about Barnabas to exact her revenge, runs into Amber, then Jean and Lisa. They give her permission to enter the library as they continue investigating the Black Fire Incident, and discover that the power that slew the diplomats is similar in nature to the Delusion (Evil Eye) used by Crepus several years earlier. Amber, who had encountered Dottore as he departed from Mondstadt, grows suspicious after noticing that both he and the Delusion smelled of Mist Pollen. She decides to try and track him down, and manages to find a Fatui device inside a hilichurl camp. However, she is then attacked by [[Krupp]], a former Fatui researcher whom Dottore transformed into a Ruin Hunter. Together with Jean, who went to reinforce her, they take down Krupp for good and return to Mondstadt with evidence against the Fatui.
**Realizing that the Fatui are hoping to instigate a swarm of monster attacks during the festival so they can take the credit for defeating them and saving Mondstadt, the Knights of Favonius decide to track down the Fatui devices and destroy them. In the meantime, Lisa contacts her teacher at Sumeru Akademiya to see if anyone would be able to seal Collei's Archon Residue. Amber takes advantage of the situation to let Collei experience Ludi Harpastum's festivities, but their fun is interrupted by Kaeya, who lures Collei away and attacks her to draw out her powers, confirming that she was behind the Black Fire Incident.<ref name="CHAP10">{{Ref/Manga|10|1}}</ref> Upon realizing that Collei herself is innocent, and Amber's interruption allowing her to get away, Kaeya decides to enlist Diluc's help in creating an alibi for the girl.
**Barnabas, who came to deal with the Black Fire Incident in Dottore's stead, confronts Kaeya about Collei, having witnessed Amber help her escape. Kaeya pretends to help, with Diluc posing as the perpetrator behind the incident to Barnabas' guards. However, Barnabas himself notices the archon power emitted when [[Cyno]] &mdash; who was sent from Sumeru Akademiya in response to Lisa's message &mdash; seals away Collei's Archon Residue. He confronts and attacks Collei and Amber after Cyno leaves to report to Lisa, but is eventually thwarted by Amber and Diluc's efforts.<ref name="CHAP15">{{Ref/Manga|15|zh=1}}</ref>
** Kaeya "traps" Diluc after Barnabas' defeat, allowing the Fatui guards to arrest him and take him away, thereby absolving the Knights of Favonius from any responsibility. Shortly thereafter, Diluc breaks out, leaving behind his mask and Delusion for an uninterested Dottore. The Harbinger also grows irritated by Barnabas' failure and has his guards get rid of him.<ref name="CHAP16">{{Ref/Manga|16|zh=1}}</ref> 
***In the manga, Kaeya returns Diluc's Vision after he breaks out of prison, hiding it inside the Strange Vase that can be seen inside the Dawn Winery in-game.<ref group="Lore Discrepancy">The Strange Vase exists in-game and is also referred to in [[A Child's Secret]]. However, the events of the manga happen in at least three days, which means that Diluc &mdash; who hosted a large party at the beginning of the manga with esteemed guests such as [[Seamus Pegg]] &mdash; had already been back in Mondstadt for at least three days by the time he received his Vision in the vase, conflicting with his [[Diluc/Lore#Vision|Vision story]], which says that he took up his Vision the same day he returned to Mondstadt.</ref>
*'''2 months ago''' ― The Traveler meets Paimon after saving her from drowning by fishing her out.<ref name="AQ0-0" /> After teaching the Traveler the common Teyvat language, she suggests that they look for the Seven Archons to see if they have clues about their sibling's whereabouts.

==The Beginning==
<div class="mw-collapsible">
*'''Present''' ― [[Wanderer's Trail]]
**[[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]] (Prologue: Act I)
***[[Wind, Courage, and Wings]]
**[[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]] (Prologue: Act II) 
***[[Traveler Observation Report]]
****[[The Chalk Prince and the Dragon]]
**[[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]] (Prologue: Act III)
*** [[Darknight Hero's Alibi]]
***[[The Meaning of Lupical]]
*** [[True Treasure]]
**[[Of the Land Amidst Monoliths]] (Chapter I: Act I)
***[[Butterfly's Dream]]
**[[Farewell, Archaic Lord]] (Chapter I: Act II)
**[[A New Star Approaches]] (Chapter I: Act III) 
***[[Beyond This World's Stars]]
** [[Unreconciled Stars]]
**[[Lantern Rite]]
**[[Bough Keeper: Dainsleif]] (Chapter I: Act IV Prologue)
**[[Invitation of Windblume]]
**[[We Will Be Reunited]] (Chapter I: Act IV)
***[[No Mere Stone]]
**[[Midsummer Island Adventure]] 
***[[The Crane Returns on the Wind]] (Interlude Chapter: Act I)
**[[Autumn Winds, Scarlet Leaves]] (Chapter II: Prologue)
**[[The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia]] (Chapter II: Act I)
*** [[The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit]]
***[[Dreamlike Timelessness]]
**[[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]] (Chapter II: Act II)
**[[Omnipresence Over Mortals]] (Chapter II: Act III)
***[[Reflections of Mortality]]
***[[Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing]]
***[[Rise Up, Golden Soul]]
**[[Shadows Amidst Snowstorms]]
**[[Fleeting Colors in Flight]]
**[[Through Mists of Smoke and Forests Dark]] (Chapter III: Act I)
**[[The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings]] (Chapter III: Act II)
**[[Dreams, Emptiness, Deception]] (Chapter III: Act III)
**[[King Deshret and the Three Magi]] (Chapter III: Act IV)
**[[Akasha Pulses, the Kalpa Flame Rises]] (Chapter III: Act V)
***[[Lingering Warmth]]
***[[Inversion of Genesis]] (Interlude Chapter: Act III)
**[[Caribert]] (Chapter III: Act VI)
**Truth Amongst the Pages of Purana (Chapter III: Act VII)
</div>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

===Lore Discrepancies===
{{Reflist|group=Lore Discrepancy}}

===Translation Notes===
{{Reflist|group=Translation Note}}

===Editor's Assumptions===
{{Reflist|group=Assumption}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Genshin Navbox}}
{{Lore Navbox|World|state=collapsed}}
[[Category:Historical Events| ]]

[[de:Zeitleiste]]
[[es:Línea de tiempo]]
[[fr:Chronologie]]
[[ja:年表]]
[[ru:Хронология]]
[[th:ไทม์ไลน์]]
[[tr:Zaman Çizelgesi]]
[[uk:Хронологія]]
[[vi:Dòng Thời Gian]]