{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Icon Clock.png
|type         = Game Systems
|type2        = Exploration
|type3        = Physics
}}
'''Time''' is a [[measurement]] of how long something lasts or takes. It is a mechanic that affects various things, including but not limited to:
*lighting
*[[music]]
*the availability of certain [[NPC]]s
*[[reset]] and respawning of resources
*[[duration]] of character [[Talents]]
*[[Quest]] objectives
*[[Domains]]
*[[Time Trial Challenge]]s

==Day/Night Cycle==
The day/night cycle is used to determine the availability of NPCs, music, and quest objectives. Dawn, midday, dusk, and midnight occur at 06:00, 12:00, 18:00, and 24:00/00:00, respectively, each phase of a day lasts six minutes, the day''light'' and night''light'' hours last twelve minutes each, and the cycle repeats itself every 24 minutes. However, day''time'' is defined as 06:00 – 19:00, while night''time'' is defined as 19:01 – 05:59.

The player can quickly advance time via the Time option in the [[Paimon Menu]]. The player must select a time of day at least half an hour after the current time and cannot advance more than 2 days at a time. Time can be advanced in both single player mode and [[Co-Op Mode]] by the host for all players in the world. This can be done to clear up bad weather, bring back unavailable NPCs, and adjust lighting. Certain quests also forcefully sets the time of day without opening the menu.

The day/night cycle is not visible from underground locations like [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] or [[Enkanomiya]], but will still affect certain things such as [[Fishing|fish]] availability. It is also not visible from certain above-ground locations like [[Seirai Island]] or [[Golden Apple Archipelago/2.8|Version 2.8 of the Golden Apple Archipelago]] or during rain, lightning, or snowstorms.

==Pausing Time==
In single player mode, time is paused while the [[Paimon Menu]] is open and while accessing anything available through the Paimon Menu ([[Inventory]], [[Events]] screen, etc.), even if accessed via a [[Controls|keybind]] or the UI icon while playing, except for [[Photo Mode]].

Some timers will continue to tick while the game is paused. These timers include but are not limited to:
* [[Gadget]] cooldowns
* The timer in [[Food Delivery]]
* The timer that keeps track of how long players take to complete a [[Domain]]
* Clocks that track [[Bounties]]
* The hidden timer that determines when the cutscene in the [[Plane of Euthymia]] plays
* The timer that prevents certain enemies from using certain skills too often

Other timers remain paused while the game is paused. These timers include but are not limited to:
* [[Elemental Skill]] cooldowns
* Revival and stamina [[food]] consumption cooldowns
* The depletion of the [[Food#Full State|fullness]] gauge
* The time limit players have to complete the current objective in a [[Domain]]

Time cannot be paused in [[Co-Op Mode]].

==Trivia==
* One of the [[Loading Screen]] tips titled "Time" states "Time flies by when contemplating life, the universe, and everything...". This is a reference to ''The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy'', a comedy science fiction trilogy written by Douglas Adams, where an enormous supercomputer tries to find the "Answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything", and it ends up providing the answer 42. The number 42 and the phrase "Life, the universe, and everything" have attained cult status on the Internet.

==See also==
*[[Reset]]

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}

[[ru:Время]]
[[ja:時間]]