{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Liyue
|chapter       = Ningguang
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest
|description   = Ningguang has been working pretty hard all day. You'd like to help her take a day off. She seems to have some idea of what she'd like to do during this down-time...
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|requirement   = 
|prev          = The Jade Chamber Once More
|next          = Liyue Millennial
|next2         = Starting From Zero
|next3         = Endless Smoke
|characters    = Baishi; Baiwen; Baixiao; Ningguang; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Time Off!''' is a quest in [[Ningguang]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Jade Chamber's Returning Guest]].

==Steps==
# Wait until the following day (07:00 – 08:00)
# Wake Ningguang up
# Talk to Ningguang
#* Do something you never normally have time for. Proceed to [[Liyue Millennial]].
#* Do something you never normally have the opportunity to do, and...
#** Start at the bottom of the ladder. Proceed to [[Starting From Zero]].
#** Find some work at Northland Bank. Proceed to [[Endless Smoke]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Ningguang has been working pretty hard all day. You'd like to help her take a day off. She seems to have some idea of what she'd like to do during this down-time...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Wait until the following day <nowiki>(07:00 – 08:00)</nowiki>)

;(Wake Ningguang up)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, I'm already awake.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'll be out in a moment. I'm just changing.

;(Talk to Ningguang)
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Good morning. Did you sleep well?
:{{DIcon}} The same as usual.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' That's good. I was worried you'd be a little uncomfortable.
:{{DIcon}} I was a little nervous.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' There's nothing to worry about. We just need to go through the schedule you made and tick the items off one by one.
:{{DIcon}} I was so excited I couldn't sleep.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 06.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Oh, how strange &mdash; me too! ...I'm joking, of course &mdash; I slept like a baby. Sorry to disappoint you.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 07.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So. What's item one on today's schedule?
:{{DIcon}} Here. Take a look for yourself.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 08.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 09.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I imagine this must have taken Baishi completely by surprise.
:{{DIcon}} Yes, but she said she'd leave it up to me.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 10.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Sure. There's no harm in changing my schedule around once in a while.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 11.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' My schedule is usually very tightly packed, and any extra time I can squeeze out is spent on preparing for the future.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 12.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So it'll be quite nice to take a break.
:{{DIcon}} You don't take many breaks, huh?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 13.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I don't often feel tired. Seeing the Mora come in has a way of making me feel quite invigorated.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 14.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Still, your idea is very sensible. Mora can only lift a weary spirit. It cannot alleviate physical fatigue.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 15.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So then. The day's ahead of us. Any ideas on how to spend it?
:{{DIcon}} Let's do something you never normally have time for.
:;(Proceed to [[Time Off!#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's do something you never normally have the opportunity to do.
:;(Proceed to [[Time Off!#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue end}}

=== Branch 1 ===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Let's do something you never normally have time for.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 16.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Something I never have time for...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 17.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ah, have you played the chess game I made? Or heard of it, perhaps?
:{{DIcon}} Never heard of it...
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 18.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It's called Liyue Millennial. Based on classic chess, but with different rules.
:{{DIcon}} Is it called Liyue Millennial?
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 19.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes. It's based on classic chess, but with different rules.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 20.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' When I was designing it, I wanted it not only to be a fun game, but also capture Liyue's culture in a unique way.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 21.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So I introduced a lot of concepts that aren't part of traditional chess, as well as different chess pieces and even boards.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 22.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm constantly revising and expanding it. So far, there are over 30 editions.
:{{DIcon}} What an ambitious project...
:{{DIcon}} It sounds quite complicated...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 23.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' True. That's one reason why it's been difficult to catch on.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 24.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But I don't feel that making it easier to learn is necessarily a good thing.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 25.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Isn't one of the joys of playing chess to continually learn and progress through a complex set of rules?
:{{DIcon}} So how do we get people interested in it?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 26.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I think the key will be to make something that easily catches the attention of people who haven't played much chess before.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 27.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I'm planning to make a new set with the board and pieces based on the battle for Liyue.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 28.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' One side will play the guardians of Liyue Harbor. The other side will play the Fatui and Osial.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds fun.
:{{DIcon}} I'd play that.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 29.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' No problem. I will let you try it out as soon as I finish the prototype.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 30.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I want to make each of the chess pieces of Liyue Millennial as true-to-life as possible.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 31.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' And no Guardians of Liyue chess set would be complete without you, would it?
:{{DIcon}} You're going to make a chess piece based on me?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 32.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I am indeed. Many of them, in fact.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 33.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' My thinking was that only people who pre-order the chess set at full price will be eligible to receive the limited-edition Traveler chess piece.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 34.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' It seems only fitting for someone of your status.
:{{DIcon}} So I'm part of the marketing plan...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 35.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Naturally, since you are the face of that historic event. I intend to make chess pieces for everyone who was involved that day, including myself.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 36.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Everyone who owns this chess set will preserve this moment in history in a vivid and compelling form.
:{{DIcon}} It sounds great.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 37.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Then it's decided.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 38.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Come with me. To make this chess piece, I need to take some measurements.
:;(Proceed to [[Liyue Millennial]])
{{Dialogue end}}

=== Branch 2 ===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{DIcon}} Let's do something you never normally have the opportunity to do.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 39.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Something I never have the opportunity to do...
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 40.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Interesting. Before I decide, I'd like to know... what gave you this idea?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 41.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Because as far as most people are concerned, Mora is the key to any and all opportunities.
:{{DIcon}} But being a member of the Liyue Qixing is a limitation.
:{{DIcon}} But Mora can also be a limitation.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 44.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, you're absolutely right. This is what I appreciate about you, you see things the way they are rather than how they appear.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 45.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I want to do something a little self-indulgent. Is that okay by you?
:{{DIcon}} Sure. Whatever you feel like doing.
:{{DIcon}} The day is yours. Do with it as you please.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 48.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Thank you. Alright here it is &mdash; I've always thought it would be fun to recapture what life was like before I joined the Liyue Qixing.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 49.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I was born into a humble family, and all the wealth you see now began with a single haul of fish.
:{{DIcon}} You... know how to fish?
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 51.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Hehe. I had to. I wasn't born with a silver spoon in my mouth.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 52.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Fishing isn't the half of it. You'd be amazed at some of the odd jobs I've worked in my time.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 53.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' A lot of the old folks like to brag about how I used to be their errand-runner back in the day... hehe.
:{{DIcon}} It's hard to imagine...
:{{DIcon}} But it makes sense.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 56.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' They were tough times. But I had a clear goal and plenty of motivation.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 57.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' If I didn't make any money in the morning, I'd have no food for lunch. I guess that's why I came to be so obsessed with Mora.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 58.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I want to re-live that time from my life, feel some of that drive again. Take a trip down memory lane.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 59.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So how about it? Will you join me?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{DIcon}} It's not what I was expecting but it sounds like a lot of fun.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 62.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Great. Then let me lay down the ground rules.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 63.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' We're not to use our status or reputation in Liyue Harbor to our advantage, and we have no starting capital.
:{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 64.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' The goal is to see how much Mora we can make under these conditions.
:{{DIcon}} Let's start at the bottom of the ladder.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 67.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Okay, but working as a day laborer could be quite dull...
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 68.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Why don't we go down to the docks?
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 69.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' They periodically throw out a lot of unclaimed or abandoned goods. We might find something that we can exchange for Mora.
::{{DIcon}} That's not the most dignified way to make money...
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 70.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' What does it matter? Don't worry about it, it's all part of the fun.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 71.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Come on. Let's go down to the docks.
:;(Proceed to [[Starting From Zero]])
:{{DIcon}} Let's go and find some work at Northland Bank.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 72.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I can see why you'd suggest that. You're thinking I could use my knowledge of how Mora works to my advantage and make a lot of money there.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 73.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' But Northland Bank is a special case. I rather suspect I would not be welcome there.
::{{DIcon}} Because you've clashed in the past?
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 74.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Yes, and also... Never mind, I'll just show you. It won't eat up too much time.
::{{A|vo ngcop001 1913801 ningguang 75.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' I expect they still hold a grudge against me to this day.
:;(Proceed to [[Endless Smoke]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Time Off!
|zhs     = 放假时间！
|zhs_rm  = Fàngjià Shíjiān!
|zht     = 放假時間！
|zht_rm  = Fàngjià Shíjiān!
|zh_tl   = Holiday Time!
|ja      = 休み時間！
|ja_rm   = Yasumi Jikan!
|ja_tl   = Break Time!
|ko      = 휴가 시간!
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = ¡Tiempo libre!
|es_tl   = Free Time!
|fr      = Jour de congé !
|fr_tl   = Day Off!
|ru      = Время отдыха!
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ถึงเวลาพักแล้ว!
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thời Gian Nghỉ Ngơi!
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Auszeit!
|de_tl   = Downtime!
|id      = Libur Telah Tiba!
|id_tl   = Holiday Has Arrived!
|pt      = Tempo Livre!
|pt_tl   = Free Time!
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}