{{Stub|Dialogue for subsequent encounters?}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 24023
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Time to Drink.png
|prev          = Refreshing Fonta, a Font of Refreshment!
|startLocation = [[New Fontaine Research Institute]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering Region
|subarea       = New Fontaine Research Institute
|requirement   = <!--Any quest that needs to be completed first-->
|rewards       = 
|otherRewards  = * AR-Dependent Rewards
* Grants the {{Achievement|New Inspiration! New Products!}}.
|characters    = Heinry; Traveler
|npc           = Heinry
}}
'''''Time to Drink''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[New Fontaine Research Institute]], [[Fontaine]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Heinry
# Try the "testing sample"

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this commission for the first time rewards the {{Achievement|New Inspiration! New Products!}}.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Heinry seems to have made some progress, but who knows just what kind of Fonta he's produced...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Heinry)
:'''Heinry:''' {{Traveler}}! Good timing! Our research into Fonta has borne great fruit!
:'''Heinry:''' I've produced a bottle of what you might consider a "testing sample." You know, one that's in need of a "tester" to give some comments on it.
:'''Heinry:''' And since you're here, why don't you give it a swig?
:{{DIcon}} It's not going to cause me any problems, will it?
:'''Heinry:''' Oh, of course not! I've already tried it out, mind. I can guarantee that it shall do your health no harm.
:{{DIcon}} In that case... here goes nothing.
:'''Heinry:''' Don't worry, there'll be no issues. And in any case, I greatly appreciate your opinion! Come, let's head over there to conduct the test.
:'''Heinry:''' A taste of delicious Fonta must, after all, be paired with lovely, open scenery to match!

;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Heinry:''' This bottle is yours. Fret not! This is the fruit of our joint efforts &mdash; there is no way it could taste bad.
:'''Heinry:''' Of course, there are issues that still need ironing out. For example, the processing of the ingredients, the amount of ingredients put in, and the optimal volume to which the bottle should be filled...
:'''Heinry:''' Even the bottle design itself shall require some thought. It is a new type of Fonta, after all, so we must give it a unique packaging to make an impression.
:'''Heinry:''' You can leave those problems to me, though &mdash; just enjoy the Fonta, alright?
:'''Heinry:''' I filled this bottle of Fonta with enough to serve two, so it should serve you just fine.
;(If the player doesn't have an {{Item|Experimental Drink}} yet)
::'''Heinry:''' Thanks again for your help. Remember our motto! "Refreshing Fonta, a Font of Refreshment!"
::;(Obtain {{Item|Experimental Drink|x=1}} based on the responses given in the previous commissions.)
;(If the player already has an {{Item|Experimental Drink}})
::'''Heinry:''' Oh, have you not yet had time to drink the bottle of Fonta I provided you with?
::'''Heinry:''' Considering the amount of time that's passed, this bottle might no longer be drinkable. Pass it to me, would you? I'll give you a new bottle.
::{{DIcon}} Could you leave both bottles with me?
::'''Heinry:''' Sorry, but the bottle of Fonta I gave you was specially made to have excellent sealing properties.
::'''Heinry:''' I only managed to make one such bottle at the moment... So if I want to fill it with new Fonta, we'll have to pour its current contents out.
::{{DIcon}} Alright, give me a new bottle of Fonta then.
:::'''Heinry:''' No problem. Just wait a moment.
:::'''Heinry:''' Alright, I've filled this bottle of Fonta with enough to serve two once again, so it should serve you just fine.
:::'''Heinry:''' No matter what, do remember &mdash; "Refreshing Fonta, a Font of Refreshment!"
:::;(Obtain {{Item|Experimental Drink|x=1}} based on the responses given in the previous commissions.)
::{{DIcon}} I'll keep the contents of the bottle.
:::'''Heinry:''' Well, alright, I respect your decision. But please, under no circumstances should you drink this Fonta. After such a long time, I fear that its flavor will be... most strange.
::{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Time to Drink
|zhs     = 饮品时间
|zhs_rm  = Yǐnpǐn Shíjiān
|zht     = 飲品時間
|zht_rm  = Yǐnpǐn Shíjiān
|zh_tl   = Drink Time
|ja      = ドリンクタイム
|ja_rm   = Dorinku Taimu
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 상쾌한 순간
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Hora de beber
|es_tl   = Time to Drink
|fr      = Un pour la route
|fr_tl   = (Another) One for the Road
|ru      = Время напитков
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ช่วงเวลาแห่งเครื่องดื่ม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thời Gian Thưởng Thức
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zeit für Getränke
|de_tl   = Time for Drinks
|id      = Waktunya Minum
|id_tl   = Time to Drink
|pt      = Hora de Beber
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İçelim Ferahlayalım
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = È ora di bere
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Fontaine}}