{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Tirzad.png
|realname         = Tirzad Hindi
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Vahumana
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Ufairah
|relativeNote     = distant cousin
|relative2        = Jeht
|relativeNote2    = Ufairah's daughter

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Tirzad Hindi''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the [[Golden Slumber]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Profile==
Tirzad is a Vahumana researcher who went into the [[Great Red Sand]] to research and explore [[King Deshret]]'s civilization. He hired [[Bonifaz]]'s merchant group, taking [[Nachtigal]], [[Mirsad]] and [[Omid]] alongside [[Jebrael]] and [[Jeht]]. However, they fell into a sinkhole and were unable to get out. The [[Traveler]] was then tasked with Bonifaz to find the group, where they decided to look for a way out underground after seeing they could not climb their way out.

The group was able to find a way out and continued on with Tirzad's research, although he frequently clashed with Jebrael over the ideals and values of the Eremites. They soon ran into [[Samail]], who had collaborated with the [[Fatui]] to find the Golden Slumber. While Tirzad wanted to be cautious and simply wait for Samail's interest to die off, Jebrael knew they didn't have a choice and they raised [[Eye of the Sands|Khaj-Nisut]] from the sands to find King Deshret's throne. After defeating Samail's lackeys, Samail, using the consciousness of the Golden Slumber, tried to drag the group into the dream with him, but Jebrael sacrificed himself to save the others.

After returning to [[Aaru Village]], Tirzad felt sorry for Jeht, thanking the Traveler for their efforts before returning to [[Sumeru City]] to submit his paper on the entire journey, which was considered a resounding success.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tirzad
|zhs     = 提尔扎德
|zhs_rm  = Tí'ěrzhādé
|zht     = 提爾扎德
|zht_rm  = Tí'ěrzhādé
|ja      = ティルザード
|ja_rm   = Tiruzaado
|ko      = 티르자드
|es      = Tirzad
|fr      = Tirzad
|ru      = Тирзад
|th      = Tirzad
|vi      = Tirzad
|de      = Tirzad
|id      = Tirzad
|pt      = Tirzad
|tr      = Tirzad
|it      = Tirzad
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}