{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Tlazolli.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = Children of Echoes
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Nechca
|childNote        = Deceased
<!-- Do not put Nepecha here. (She was abducted, not adopted.) -->
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = Itou Sayaka (伊藤さや香)<ref>Twitter: [https://x.com/ito_sayka/status/1832343573473456467 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Tlazolli''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in {{Quest|A Prayer for Blessings, Told to Crested Peaks}}. She bears the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name|UDG|'''Undugu'''|bearer=1}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Tlazolli was an Ancient Name forger and [[Xilonen]]'s mentor. Several years before the [[Traveler]]'s arrival, Tlazolli's daughter [[Nechca]] died during an abyssal attack. A girl with the same birthday as Nechca and about the same age named [[Nepecha]] was also orphaned during the attack. In her grief, Tlazolli adopted Nepecha, and was, at first, happy to hear the girl call her "mother." However, Tlazolli was unable to contain her guilt for not being able to save her daughter, and she began having twisted thoughts of turning Nepecha into Nechca. To the other members of the tribe, Tlazolli claimed that Nechca was seriously injured on the day of the accident rather than killed. To explain why "Nechca" lacked memories from before the accident, she claimed that [[Abyss]]al energy in her wounds resulted in memory loss. However, when Nepecha started attempting to reveal the truth to people, Tlazolli isolated her, claiming that the Abyssal corruption had left her seriously ill. She audited Nepecha's letters, and closely monitored her when they were in public together. Tlazolli also frequently administered "medicine" to Nepecha that would make her sleepy for days at a time, and make it difficult to remember things.

Tlazolli wanted her real daughter back, and so devised a plan. She began forging and selling Blazegem Inscriptions, decorative accessories that were created using similar methods to Ancient Name forging. However, these Blazegem Inscriptions had a hidden purpose: they would steal memories of Nechca from the minds of those who possessed them in order to reconstruct her lost memories. This also helped Tlazolli maintain the deception that Nepecha was Nechca, as people would lack clear memories of her appearance and personality from before the accident. The Inscriptions were connected to and controlled by a "Central Inscription" that Tlazolli was working on that would imprint these synthetic memories onto Nepecha, erasing her real memories and turning her, in Tlazolli's mind, into a resurrected version of Nechca.

Xilonen soon discovered that the Blazegem Inscriptions were stealing memories of Nechca from members of the tribe and that "Nechca" had memories she shouldn't have, such as knowing the ending of a book that she had supposedly never read. Upon being confronted with the truth, Tlazolli fled with Nepecha to her workshop. Xilonen and the Traveler soon caught up with her and prevented Tlazolli from completing the memory transfer by burning away the distorted memories of Nechca that had been collected by the Blazegem Inscriptions. This also awakened the soul of Nechca, who had remained within Tlazolli's Ancient Name all along. Nechca was able to speak to her mother one last time and give her final blessing to Nepecha before disappearing. With her plan thwarted and her last chance to bring her daughter back gone, Tlazolli was left broken. Nevertheless, Xilonen tied her up to ensure she could not escape.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Wailing Cacophony}}</ref>

In the end, Xilonen brought Tlazolli into tribal custody to face judgement for her crimes and Tlazolli's workshop was officially closed off. Because Tlazolli's use of her Ancient Name to commit crimes was highly unusual, the severity of her punishment would remain in the air until the tribe could come to an agreement. Meanwhile, Xilonen brought Nepecha to her own workshop to stay while she helped her investigate her past. The Blazegem Inscriptions were deactivated and the owners' memories of Nechca returned to them, and any remaining Blazegem Inscriptions were gathered and destroyed.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Serenity's Reprise}}</ref>

Later, Tlazolli met Nechca in a dream and agreed to lend her power to assist the Traveler in a fight against the Abyss.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Journey of Stars and Flames}}</ref>
===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Tlazolli has wavy brown hair kept in a ponytail, she possesses ocelot-shaped ears similar to that of [[Nechca]] and [[Nepecha]], and her skin is of tan complexion. Her outfit consists of a brown {{w|Huipil|huipil}} tunic with geometric patterns, alongside a black fringed {{w|Quechquemitl|quechquemitl}} on her chest.
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Trivia==
*{{W|Tlazōlteōtl}} was the {{W|Aztec mythology|Aztec}} goddess of vice, sexuality, and sin. Tlazollalli means {{W|humus}} in Nahuatl. This may be connected to the words [[Nechca]] repeated to her during the cutscene ("The old births the new, as flowers shield the roots. So life ever cycles, until we return to the {{W|loam}}").

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Tlazolli
|zhs     = 特拉佐莉
|zhs_rm  = Tèlāzuǒlì
|zht     = 特拉佐莉
|zht_rm  = Tèlāzuǒlì
|ja      = ラゾーリ
|ko      = 트라졸리
|es      = Tlazolli
|fr      = Tlazolli
|ru      = Тласоли
|th      = Tlazolli
|vi      = Tlazolli
|de      = Tlazolli
|id      = Tlazolli
|pt      = Tlazolli
|tr      = Tlazolli
|it      = Tlazolli
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}