{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41122
|type          = World
|image         = 
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|Unknown Star|showType=0}}
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|rewards       = Fading Star's Might*20;Primogem*40;Mora*25,000
|characters    = Harry; Huffman; Jill; Mack; Traveler; Will
}}
'''''To Each Their Duty''''' is one of the quests during the first phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Unknown Star. The player must complete [[Unknown Star]] to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Huffman]]
#Show the Orders to [[Mack]]
#Persuade [[Jill]]
#Persuade [[Will]]
#Show the Orders to [[Harry]]
#Defeat all enemies
#Report back to Harry
#Report back to Huffman

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Even though rocks are falling from the skies, some [[Knights of Favonius]] are still attending to their duties outside the city. [[Huffman]] is rather worried about these knights...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Huffman)
:'''Huffman:''' *sigh* It seems that we don't have any good options...
:{{DIcon}} Something the matter?
:'''Huffman:''' Ah, it's you. Well... I'm sure you've seen those falling meteorites.
:'''Huffman:''' While the city itself has been very fortunate to have avoided any meteorite hits, it's chaos outside.
:'''Huffman:''' Between the people who fled into the city to seek shelter and those who fell unconscious without warning, we've got our hands full here.
:'''Huffman:''' I'd like to recall all the knights who are currently attending to duties outside so we can settle matters within these four walls first.
:'''Huffman:''' But they are currently dispersed out in the wild, and we haven't the extra numbers to go out and look for them.
:'''Huffman:''' Could you lend me a hand and let them have a look at these Orders?
:{{DIcon}} I'll get it to them.
::'''Huffman:''' Thank you.
:;(Obtain [[Orders]] ×1)
:{{DIcon}} I still have matters to attend to.
::'''Huffman:''' Alright. I'll find someone else... or think of another way.
:;(Quest Paused)

;(Talk to Huffman again)
:'''Huffman:''' It's fortunate that none of the meteorites struck the city...
----
;(Talk to Mack)
:'''Mack:''' Hello. Do you require anything?
:{{DIcon}} Here's some Orders for you...
:'''Mack:''' Orders? Oh my. Let me have a look... Instructions to return to the city and help to settle various matters...
:'''Mack:''' Um, so, I could go back to the city, but those two children simply don't want to do the same.
:'''Mack:''' I have no idea where their parents have gone, and I don't want to forcibly bring them back, so I've been stuck here guarding them.
:'''Mack:''' If I were to head back under these circumstances, I don't know what I'd do if something happened to them.
:'''Mack:''' But I've tried several times to persuade them, and now they won't listen to me at all.
:'''Mack:''' So... could you help me convince them? Maybe they might listen to you instead.
:'''Mack:''' If you can convince them to return to the city, then I too can leave in peace.
:{{DIcon}} I'll give it a shot.
:'''Mack:''' Great, thank you!

;(Talk to Mack again)
:'''Mack:''' Really, those two kids &mdash; going out to play at a time like this...
----
;(Talk to Jill)
:'''Jill:''' Hmm? Is something wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Well, here's the situation...
:'''Jill:''' Oh, I know about the meteorites. But... we' haven't seen what they look like when they're coming down.
:'''Jill:''' Will said he knew a good spot to watch them, so we came here.
:{{DIcon}} You can see them from the city too...
:'''Jill:''' But we'd need to go somewhere really high up to see them if we were in the city.
:'''Jill:''' The guards aren't going to let us get up that high for sure...
:{{DIcon}} That nice man over there is willing to help.
:'''Jill:''' Eh? You mean that weird old guy there? But the last time he came to talk to us, he looked really nasty.
:'''Jill:''' He just wanted us to go back. Didn't say anything else at all...
:'''Jill:''' But if he agrees to take us to a really high place to watch the meteorites, I think... I think we can go back.
:'''Jill:''' But you'd best talk to Will. It was his idea, after all.

;(Talk to Jill again)
:'''Jill:''' That man is really weird. He follows us everywhere, and he sounds so fierce, too...

;(Talk to Will)
:'''Will:''' Hmm? Hello, is something up?
:{{DIcon}} Well, here's the situation...
:'''Will:''' I know, that's why we came out here &mdash; to see the meteorites. Don't worry, we'll go back once we've seen them.
:{{DIcon}} You can see them from the city too...
:'''Will:''' But then we'd need to get way up high. I tried lots of times, but the guards kept yelling at me to come down. I got a scolding from them afterwards.
:'''Will:''' That's why I brought Jill over here.
:{{DIcon}} That nice guard over there will help us out.
:'''Will:''' Help us? Do you mean he can take us to a high point in the city to watch the meteorites?
:'''Will:''' That can't be... He looks so weird, and angry, too...
:{{DIcon}} I have his Orders with me.
:'''Will:''' Really? Let me see them! Wow... these really are the official Orders of the Knights!
:'''Will:''' With this, that man will take us up to see the meteorites, won't he?
:'''Will:''' Hehe... Watching the meteorites from inside the city would be the best!
:'''Will:''' Well, you go have a word with him. I'll talk to Jill.
:'''Will:''' Ah, I really can't wait... I wanna see the meteorites falling.

;(Talk to Will again)
:'''Will:''' I wonder what meteorites falling from the sky are gonna look like...

;(Return to Mack)
:'''Mack:''' How did it go? Did you manage to convince them?
:{{DIcon}} Well, so it would seem...
:'''Mack:''' Really? That's great! Thank you so much&mdash; actually, wait... What do you mean "so it would seem"?
:{{DIcon}} You just need to do your part...
:'''Mack:''' My part? What does that mean...
:'''Mack:''' Eh? You want me to take them to the highest point in Mondstadt and watch the meteors fall? That's... rather dangerous.
:'''Mack:''' Not to mention that they're kids, too. I'll have to report this to Headquarters first...
:{{DIcon}} I've got your Orders right here, you know.
:'''Mack:''' That's... not how you use it, I don't think.
:'''Mack:''' Well, never mind. As long as we can get those kids back to the city, I'll... I'll figure something out.
:{{DIcon}} Really?
:'''Mack:''' Of course, I swear it on my honor as a knight and... as an adult.
:'''Mack:''' No matter who it is, our word is as good as our bond.
:'''Mack:''' Thanks for your help. Leave the rest to me &mdash; I'll bring them back to the city shortly.
:'''Mack:''' Afterwards, I'll figure out how to get them to Mondstadt's highest point...

;(Talk to Mack again)
:'''Mack:''' Hmm... Where would the highest point in Mondstadt be?
----
;(Talk to Harry)
:'''Harry:''' Hello. Do you need help with anything?
:{{DIcon}} Have a look at these Orders...
:'''Harry:''' Orders? Allow me... So, instructions to return to the city, huh?
:'''Harry:''' My apologies, but I will have to execute these duties later, as I still have important matters to attend to.
:'''Harry:''' It seems as if the monsters around these parts have been affected by the meteorites. They've become much more violent, and are exceptionally dangerous.
:'''Harry:''' I have to clean them out in order to ensure this area's safety.
:{{DIcon}} But there's no one here, is there?
:'''Harry:''' Well, it's precisely because no one's around that I'm free to fight these monsters.
:'''Harry:''' This is a very important matter, I cannot leave while it remains undone.
:{{DIcon}} I'll help.
:{{DIcon}} Let's do this together.
:'''Harry:''' Great, thank you. There's not one, but a few concentrations of monsters in this area.
:'''Harry:''' Let's split up and destroy all the monsters in our respective areas, and we'll link up here once we're done.

;(Talk to Harry again)
:'''Harry:''' Oh, I'll be heading out soon. You go first. Once we've both completed our work, we'll meet back here.
----
;(Return to Harry)
:'''Harry:''' Those monsters were really hard to handle...
:'''Harry:''' I've settled matters on my end. How goes it on yours?
:{{DIcon}} We're done here as well.
:'''Harry:''' Haha, you've got fine moves, don't you? Thanks so much for your help. I don't think those monsters will return to these parts for a while.
:'''Harry:''' Still, I can't return just yet. Other than these monsters, there are still more roaming about in the Stormbearer Mountains.
:'''Harry:''' I want to continue gathering intelligence here &mdash; and if someone were to come to harm nearby, I would be on hand to rescue them.
:'''Harry:''' Not everyone is aware of the call to seek shelter, after all.
:'''Harry:''' Alright, then. Please convey my intent to Mr. Huffman. I'm sure he'll understand.

;(Talk to Harry again)
:'''Harry:''' We have to be on our guard against those monsters...
----
;(Talk to Huffman)
:'''Huffman:''' So, how has it gone? Have they all seen the Orders?
:{{DIcon}} They did, but...
:'''Huffman:''' "But"? Did something happen?
:;(Note<nowiki>:</nowiki> The following lines will both play, but the order depends on which you select first)
:{{DIcon}} So, about Mack...
::'''Huffman:''' Oh, he needs to take the kids to the highest point in Mondstadt to watch the meteorites? Haha, that's fine. That's fine.
::'''Huffman:''' As long as they come back safely, Mack just needs to report what happens to me.
::'''Huffman:''' Mack's never been good with children. This must have been quite the ride for him.
:{{DIcon}} As for Harry...
::'''Huffman:''' Harry... still wants to stand guard in the Stormbearer Mountains?
::'''Huffman:''' Hmmm, well, that's fine. If anything were to suddenly occur there, he should be able to report back quickly.
::'''Huffman:''' But he can be a bit impulsive. I hope that he can settle this with no mess.
:'''Huffman:''' Ah, right, I've made you run about quite a bit, and in these conditions, too. I must thank you properly.
:'''Huffman:''' Here, take these as thanks. If you haven't any other urgent matters, please stay within the city limits.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = To Each Their Duty
|zhs     = 各有职责
|zhs_rm  = Gè Yǒu Zhízé
|zht     = 各有職責
|zht_rm  = Gè Yǒu Zhízé
|zh_tl   = Each Has Their Own Responsibilities
|ja      = 各自の職務
|ja_rm   = Kakuji no Shokumu
|ja_tl   = Respective Professional Duties
|ko      = 각자의 본분
|ko_rm   = Gakja-ui Bonbun
|ko_tl   = Each Duties
|es      = Cada persona con su deber
|es_tl   = Each Person with Their Duty
|fr      = Le devoir avant tout
|fr_tl   = Duty Above All
|ru      = У каждого свои обязанности
|ru_tl   = Each Has Their Own Responsibilities
|th      = หน้าที่ของทุกคน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mỗi người đều có trách nhiệm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Jedem seine Pflicht
|de_tl   = To Each Their Duty
|id      = Tanggung Jawab Setiap Orang
|id_tl   = The Responsibility of Each Person
|pt      = O Dever de Cada Um
|pt_tl   = The Duty of Each One
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:各自の職務]]
[[ru:У каждого свои обязанности]]