{{EventTabs}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''[[Millelith]]:''' Excuse me, the [[Qixing]] sent me to [[Yanshang Teahouse]] to find an intelligence expert, someone who has a unique temperament that is recognizable at first glance. I assume you are the very expert that I'm looking for.
:'''[[Yelan]]:''' Is that so? Looks like my assistance is required.
:'''Millelith:''' Yes. There have been leaks of information in the [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]]. The Qixing believe that you must have some clue.
:'''Millelith:''' We hope that you can help us find the suspect and the Millelith will take care of apprehending this culprit.
:'''Millelith:''' These are what we know and found so far.
:'''Yelan:''' A prime suspect in a case of leaking confidential information from the Ministry of Civil Affairs...
:'''Yelan:''' No wonder you came to find me. Very well. Return to Yanshang Teahouse three days later at noon with your men and I will deliver the culprit to you.
:'''Millelith:''' Yes, ma'am.
----
;(Three Days Later)
:'''Yelan:''' How is everything going? Any news from the [[The Chasm/Underground Mines|mines]] lately?
:'''Jittery Former Cashier of the Mines:''' The mine has a strange atmosphere these days.
:'''Jittery Former Cashier of the Mines:''' We often hear noises and quaking tremors at the place with huge pillars next to the area we are mining.
:'''Jittery Former Cashier of the Mines:''' And then we also hear footsteps of people running! Boss, is it...
:'''Yelan:''' Perhaps it's a spirit. I've seen some of those before, there's nothing to be scared of.
:'''Jittery Former Cashier of the Mines:''' Boss, you are so skilled in martial arts, of course you're not afraid.
:'''Jittery Former Cashier of the Mines:''' I am but an ordinary person without a [[Vision]]. I can't stand up against those horrifying things.
----
:'''Yelan:''' How was your treasure-hunting harvest at the secret spot I told you last time?
:'''Greedy Treasure Hoarder:''' Oh yes, thanks to your intel, we found a fortune and all the boys got a generous share!
:'''Greedy Treasure Hoarder:''' However, chests around [[The Chasm]]'s mines are harder to find recently.
:'''Greedy Treasure Hoarder:''' Hehe, do you know where we can still find chests?
:'''Yelan:''' You know the rules - you gotta trade intel with intel.
:'''Greedy Treasure Hoarder:''' Uh... Intel is really scarce in places like the mines. Nothing that is worth your attention happened recently.
:'''Greedy Treasure Hoarder:''' How about I contact you as soon as I get any news?
----
:'''Yelan:''' How's work lately? Here's a letter your father asked me to bring.
:'''Honest Street Cleaner:''' Thank you so much!
:'''Honest Street Cleaner:''' I've been too busy with work to go home and take care of my father. You really helped me out by delivering my letter to him.
:'''Honest Street Cleaner:''' I don't know how I can thank you enough, I can't even give you a decent gift in return...
:'''Yelan:''' Don't worry about it. You actually gave me what I needed back then. I helped you deliver the letter to return the favor.
:'''Yelan:''' So, let's set this aside for now. Have you seen anyone who stands out?
:'''Honest Street Cleaner:''' I gave you what you needed? I don't remember… but as for people who stand out, I did see a couple of them.
:'''Honest Street Cleaner:''' I saw [[Kuki Shinobu|a young woman wearing a mask]] at the pier some days back and she was accompanied by [[Arataki Itto|a very noisy big guy]].
:'''Honest Street Cleaner:''' Judging by their attire, they were probably from [[Inazuma]].
----
:'''Gluttonous Spicy Food Lover:''' Hello, what do you need me for? I have to say that the two receptionists at the door are as fierce as usual.
:'''Gluttonous Spicy Food Lover:''' They stopped me from entering, saying things like "No entry without invitation." But guess what, they turned pale when I showed them the invitation!
:'''Gluttonous Spicy Food Lover:''' Haha, I didn't expect you to be the new boss of the place.
:'''Yelan:''' It's a long story, haha.
:'''Yelan:''' I invited you here today because I wonder if you have seen a blond-haired [[Traveler]] recently.
:'''Yelan:''' I heard this Traveler invented a new spicy dish. I'm very curious.
:'''Gluttonous Spicy Food Lover:''' Oh! That person is a popular figure in [[Liyue]] now, everybody knows that Traveler.
:'''Gluttonous Spicy Food Lover:''' I heard the Traveler has gone to Inazuma and hardly ever appears in Liyue's restaurants anymore.
:'''Gluttonous Spicy Food Lover:''' Hmm, but I've never heard of the invention of this new spicy dish. Right, how about dining at [[Wanmin Restaurant]] sometime? My treat!
:'''Gluttonous Spicy Food Lover:''' Their Dried Yuejun Chili really is something! I knew your recommended secret menu would be just amazing!
----
;(Select Greedy Treasure Hoarder)
:'''Yelan:''' Case closed. He's all yours. I bet he still doesn't have a clue on how he gave himself away.
:'''Yelan:''' Where to next? Let's roll the dice to decide.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Case Files==
;Clues gathered by the Millelith
* Gender unknown
* Greedy and cowardly temperament
* Works in the Ministry of Civil Affairs and took advantage of the position to reveal confidential information
This person must be apprehended as soon as possible.

Other details yet to be discovered<br />Share to gain more information<br />Share the event to check Yelan's intel note and gain more information.

;Yelan's Intel Note:
* It's possible that the suspect hides under another identity.
* Leaked information is related to The Chasm.
* The suspect spies on the Traveler's activity.
* The suspect has been in touch with multiple outlanders.
* The suspect is rather prudent.

==Conversation Records==
{{Dialogue start}}
'''{{color|help|Jittery}} Former Cashier of the Mines:'''
* The mine has a strange atmosphere these days
* Noises and quaking tremors at the place with huge pillars
* Sounds of {{color|help|people running}}
* Could it be {{color|help|spirits}}?
;Review of Suspicious Points (0/3)

'''{{color|help|Greedy}} Treasure Hoarder:'''
* Treasure chests are becoming scarce recently around the mines in {{color|help|The Chasm}}
* {{color|help|Nothing special happened in the mines recently}}
;Review of Suspicious Points (0/3)

'''Honest Street Cleaner:'''
* Spotted a {{color|help|young woman wearing a mask}} at the pier
* She was accompanied by a {{color|help|very noisy big guy}}
* They seemed to be from {{color|help|Inazuma}}
;Review of Suspicious Points (0/3)

'''Gluttonous Spicy Food Lover:'''
* Heard that the {{color|help|Traveler}} had gone to {{color|help|Inazuma}}
* The Traveler hardly ever appears in Liyue's restaurants anymore.
* Let's go eat Dried Jueyun Chili next time!
;Review of Suspicious Points (0/2)
{{Dialogue end}}

The correct suspect is the {{Color|buzzword|Greedy Treasure Hoarder}}.

[[ru:Расставленные сети/История]]