{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Story Quest To Hear Mortal Hearts.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = Reflections of Mortality
|character     = Raiden Shogun
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Mt. Yougou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Mt. Yougou
|prev          = The Fabric of Constancy
|next          = Cleansing Light
|domain        = Hidden Mountain Base
|exp           = 600
|primogem      = 60
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Guide to Light|5}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Ei; Kujou Kamaji; Paimon; Takatsukasa Susumu; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''To Hear Mortal Hearts''' is the fourth and final part of [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act I - [[Reflections of Mortality]].

==Steps==
# Head to the Takatsukasa Clan's secret outpost
#* Enter the Quest Domain: [[Hidden Mountain Base]]
# Enter the secret outpost
# Talk to [[Ei]]
# Defeat the opponents blocking the path and proceed onward
# Reach the deepest area of the outpost
# Talk to [[Kujou Kamaji]] and [[Takatsukasa Susumu]]
# Witness the duel
# Listen to Ei's judgment
# Follow Ei out of the outpost
# Go to where Ei is
# Talk to Raiden Ei
# Give the Pass Permit back to [[Yae Miko]]
# Talk to Yae Miko

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ippei]] says that Kujou Kamaji has gone to see the head of the Takatsukasa Clan. Ei decides to go there personally to settle the issue of the Tenryou Commission's internal affairs. Thus, you and Ei head out into the wilds, toward the secret base of the Takatsukasa Clan...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter the [[Hidden Mountain Base]])
:{{A|vo sglq004 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, look at how well-hidden this place is!
:{{A|vo sglq004 1 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I can't think of a reason anyone would want to build a structure like this deep in the mountains.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe to escape disasters.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe to evade detection.
:{{A|vo sglq004 1 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I feel something that doesn't belong here... I sense danger.
:{{A|vo sglq004 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo sglq004 1 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' We should proceed with caution. The Kujou Clan descendant may well be in trouble.

;(Approach first opponent)
:{{A|vo sglq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are there ronin here? This is a Tenryou Commission base!
:{{A|vo sglq004 2 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Something is not right.
:{{A|vo sglq004 2 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' We must remove all those who stand in our way.

;(Reach the deepest area of the outpost)
:{{A|vo sglq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, it's Kujou Kamaji! But who's he with...
:{{A|vo sglq004 2 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:'''  Stay back. I will deal with this.

----
;(Approach Kujou Kamaji and Takatsukasa Susumu)
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Almighty Shogun!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Sh&mdash;Shogun, what are you...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Descendant of the Takatsukasa Clan. Explain what is going on here.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 02.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Oh, we're just discussing some minor issues that have cropped up in the Tenryou Commission recently. Really, it's nothing worth the Almighty Shogun worrying about...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' And these minor issues warranted the secluded location and the hiring of ronin and kairagi to keep guard?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 03.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Well, there's there's been a lot of turmoil lately. It was just out of security considerations, that's all...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Silence.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Descendant of the Kujou Clan. Your turn.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Alright. I came here intending to negotiate, but it turned out all they were interested in was a written confession from the Kujou Clan.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' A written confession?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Yes. A statement acknowledging every crime committed by the Kujou Clan since the inception of the Vision Hunt Decree, including all the recent misconduct...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 04.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' All factual statements of course. Not a single one of them fabricated.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I can't deny that. But it also emphasizes the Takatsukasa Clan's achievements throughout the document, claiming that they stood steadfast all along and fought back against the crisis...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' These are all falsehoods.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 05.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Says who? Why, you two-faced...! You're going back on everything you said!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I'm just stating the facts. I'm sure the Almighty Shogun can discern the truth. All the Takatsukasa Clan is trying to do is make themselves look good, so they'll be first in line to replace the Kujou Clan!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Why else would you push a false narrative in the written confession that paints your clan in a good light? And try to make me sign it under duress?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 06.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' What are you talking about? You're not under duress, we're just negotiating here! You've completely changed your tune!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I believe I now understand the situation.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 07.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Don't listen to his nonsense. I'm sure you're well aware of the major failings of the Kujou Clan. Surely you of everyone knows &mdash; not a single word they say can be trusted!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmph. You are quite mistaken if you think your dispute is of any interest to me. Descendant of the Takatsukasa Clan, you wish to become the new Tenryou Commissioner. Do I understand this correctly?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 08.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Uh, well... y&mdash;yes, of course! It's the eternal pursuit of everyone in the Tenryou Commission to offer our lives in service of the Almighty Shogun!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Then the situation is not as complicated as you seem to have made it. After all, I am the one who appoints the Tenryou Commissioner. The process is quite simple: Anyone who can beat me in a duel becomes the new Commissioner.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 09.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Um, sorry... a duel with the Almighty Shogun?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The first Tenryou Commissioner demonstrated his will with the blade in his hand. That is why the title has been passed down within the Kujou Clan ever since.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' If you want me to appoint a new clan, then naturally, there must first be a new duel.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 10.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' I... Uh...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Do you not know how to wield a blade...? Or do you simply doubt your abilities on account of your advanced age and declining physical condition?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Here you are talking about offering your life, and yet you are too afraid to face my blade?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 takatsukasasusumu 11.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Um... Well...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Well, never mind. What about one of you, then? Anyone who can defeat me, Takatsukasa or not, will be appointed the new Tenryou Commissioner.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 retainers 01.ogg}} '''Retainers:''' ...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Does not a single person dare to face me?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I will challenge you, Almighty Shogun!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaaat!?
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Descendant of the Kujou Clan. Regrettably, even if you win against me, it cannot atone for the wrongs committed under the Kujou name.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I realize that. I don't stand a chance of winning against you anyway. I know full well that the mistakes my father made ought to spell the end of the Kujou Clan's legacy in the Tenryou Commission...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Even when I was executing the Vision Hunt Decree, I had my doubts about my father's decisions. I knew that what I was doing was wrong.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' But that was as far as I went. I doubted, and I ruminated. I understood the situation perfectly well, but I took no action, and I didn't save a single person.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I accept the Kujou Clan's decline as punishment for my deeds. I can't even say that I failed to prevent it... because in order to fail, you have to have at least tried.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' To be brutally honest... for someone of your strength, there is nothing you could have done even if you had tried.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Yes... I'm too weak. My father ignores me, my elder brother can't help me, and I even need [[Ippei]] to set me straight at times... It's the way it's always been...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' But if nothing else, then right here, right now, in the Kujou Clan's final hours, it is I who represent the clan, like my father before me! His duties are now mine to perform!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Just as the Shogun said, a forefather of mine once showed his will with his sword...
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 17.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Then please, let me, Kujou Kamaji, end the story of the Kujou Clan in the same way that it began!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 kujoukamaji 18.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' This is my last chance to do something!
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' This is patently meaningless.
:{{A|vo sglq004 3 raidenei 19.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But I accept. Come forward.

----
;(Cutscene begins &mdash; witness the duel)
{{Cutscene Description|Kujou Kamaji falls down multiple times during the duel, but he gets up every single time, until his body reaches its limit. But even as he is about to lose consciousness, he does not give up, struggling with all his might to grab the handle of his fallen sword and initiate the challenge anew...}}
::{{A|vo sglq004 cs raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The Kujou Clan's honor was forged with courage, tempered with integrity, and shines beyond life and death
::{{A|vo sglq004 cs raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Show me whether your blade
::{{A|vo sglq004 cs raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Can bear the weight of your name
::{{A|vo sglq004 cs kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Ready to learn, Almighty Shogun!

:;(After falling down and getting back up multiple times, Kujou Kamaji is unable continue the duel due to his wounds)
::{{A|vo sglq004 cs raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' (Another anomaly in eternity...)
::{{A|vo sglq004 cs raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' (Nevertheless, it appears that the Kujou honor still courses through your veins)
;(Cutscene ends)

----
;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Kujou Kamaji is wounded. Descendants of the Takatsukasa Clan, it is your responsibility to take care of him.
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You may not have the courage to challenge me, but I trust that you are capable of attending to a small matter such as this.
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 takatsukasasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Yes, of course. I apologize... I'm sorry. So, so sorry.
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I had heard that the Kujou Clan is no longer fit to shoulder the work of the Tenryou Commission. The search for a successor to the role of Tenryou Commissioner is indeed a matter of great urgency...
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' However, following this duel, I have decided to postpone the Kujou Clan's punishment for the time being.
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' In the meantime, I expect the Takatsukasa Clan to continue supporting the Kujou Clan as before.
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 takatsukasasusumu 02.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' As you instruct, so it shall be done. We would not dare question the Almighty Shogun's will.
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Finally, if you still think you can copy the Fatui's strategy of providing me with deceptive information to produce flaws in my judgment...
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...You will see me appear once again as I have done today &mdash; only next time, my blade will show no mercy.
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 takatsukasasusumu 03.ogg}} '''Takatsukasa Susumu:''' Understood. Thank you, Almighty Shogun, for your wisdom and mercy!
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' That will do. I will have the [[Okuzumeshuu]] continue the investigation from here.
:{{A|vo sglq004 4 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Come with me. Let's find a quiet place. There's something I want to talk about with you.
----
{{Quest Description|update|Kujou Kamaji has proved his will, and Ei has acknowledged it. You sense that Ei's attitude is different from normal. She might have something to say to you.}}
;(Approach Ei out of the outpost)
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When it's time to deal with a situation, you're just like the Shogun. So strict.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' You think so? I thought I was rather accommodating. If it had been the Shogun... she would have decapitated Kujou Kamaji without a second thought.
:{{DIcon}} He was lucky.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe that's what he was expecting.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I do believe he was prepared for that outcome. I could see it in his eyes.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The Kujou Clan has undergone a dramatic change from its glory days to its present decline. Kamaji is hardly a great heir to the Kujou name, but...
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' He has shown me how some things remain the same even as the world around them changes.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I also have you to thank. The things we experienced out on the streets and the photo you took of me, they helped me come to this realization, too.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what's next for the Kujou Clan? Will they get to carry on being in charge of the Tenryou Commission?
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Not a chance. Even if their heir was someone who showed promise, their past mistakes cannot be erased.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Still... I will give them a little more time. After all, they are not the only ones who have made mistakes.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The Shogun does not make mistakes &mdash; she is incapable of doing so. But I, as Ei, would like to offer my apologies.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I have much to contemplate in the days to come. But at least I can now see the way ahead.
:{{DIcon}} Will you rule Inazuma directly?
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I think I'll leave that to the Shogun. The greatest threat to eternity is still the erosion that comes with time.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' As I said, the Shogun has a robust system to protect her against modification. This is because I anticipated that I myself would change over time.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But I've made up my mind. So I will do what needs to be done, no matter how difficult it is.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Mmm...
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' This has certainly been a memorable series of events.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Absolutely! You sorted out the Tenryou Commission and the people in the city got to see a happy and healthy Shogun. All the awful rumors will disappear in no time.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you enjoyed your trip, we should get you out again some time!
:{{DIcon}} Next time, we'll bring you some souvenirs.
:{{DIcon}} Next time, we'll bring you some fun little trinkets.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' No need. There's no place for such things in my life.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Also, please stop making it sound as if I somehow need the company.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 17.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Okay, I'm ready to head back now.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 raidenei 18.ogg}} '''Ei:''' My period of solitude will now continue, but it will not last too much longer. I will leave you humans to deal with any minor issues in the meantime.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, see you next time!
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Considering a lot of what happened was pretty unexpected, things seemed to have worked out surprisingly well in the end.
:{{A|vo sglq004 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The only thing left to do is return the [[Pass Permit]] to Yae Miko.

----
;(Talk to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miko, we're back! We had a great trip!
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Did you now? Well then, you'll have to tell me all about it.

:'''You tell Yae Miko about the various things that happened.'''

:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, how amusing. The Almighty Shogun goes downtown and suddenly she's like a wide-eyed country girl trying to find her bearings in the big city. Marvelous.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What a shame I didn't get to see it for myself.
:{{DIcon}} Only you would dare to say that.
:{{DIcon}} You and the Shogun enjoy teasing each other.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's fine, she wouldn't mind. Really, she wouldn't.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So. From what you were saying, it seems that she has finally begun to comprehend what form eternity should take?
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's the most important outcome of this trip. To be honest, I wasn't expecting you'd make such great progress when I lent you the Pass Permit.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. It seems like she's not gonna force everything to stay the same way anymore.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' To put it nicely, even deities indulge in wishful thinking. To put it more bluntly, there are things that even [[The Seven]] can't do when faced with something even more powerful than themselves.
:{{DIcon}} The human heart?
:{{DIcon}} The [[Heavenly Principles]]?
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe. Take a guess.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Anyway. It sounds like you had a very pleasant trip and even had the chance to see Ei's less formal side.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Next time you wish to see her, you can come and take the Pass Permit from me again. She would never admit to it, but she does, in fact, get quite lonely.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? But she said she doesn't need company...
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Because she is a god. It's not that gods don't need the company of others, just that the idea of a god having company seems indulgent to her.
:{{A|vo sglq004 6 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But you don't belong to this world. Perhaps you are just the company she needs.
;(Quest ends)

;(Talk to Yae Miko again after the quest ends)
:{{Color|menu|The matter came to a close some time ago, but you'd still like to share the interesting things you experienced with Miko...}}
:{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? Was there something else you wanted to talk about?
:{{DIcon}} About Dango Milk...
::{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I have no doubt that she immensely enjoyed that drink. I'm sure she was as happy as can be.
::{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What she really wanted to say was this: "How soon do you think you could open a branch in the Plane of Euthymia?"
:{{DIcon}} About the Raiden Shogun...
::{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The puppet, yes. I've also heard that changing a puppet's operating rules is extremely difficult.
::{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It's most likely the first time in history anyone has faced this issue. You can imagine how hard it must be, given that it has successfully flummoxed the wise and powerful Ei...
::{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' This is one problem that even the [[Musou no Hitotachi]] will not be able to solve.
:{{DIcon}} About light novels...
::{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Don't you think it's a fun idea, someone being reborn as the Raiden Shogun? That's all that light novels are supposed to be &mdash; a bit of fun.
::{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' For her, though... yes, probably a little too avant-garde.
::{{A|vo dialog sglq004 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ooh, maybe I should commission a sequel: Reborn as Guuji Yae. What do you think?
:{{DIcon}} I've got nothing else to say.
:;(Dialogue ends)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = To Hear Mortal Hearts
|zhs     = 且闻天下人心
|zhs_rm  = Qiě Wén Tiānxià Rénxīn
|zht     = 且聞天下人心
|zht_rm  = Qiě Wén Tiānxià Rénxīn
|zh_tl   = And Now to Listen to the Hearts of the World
|ja      = そして世の声に耳を傾ける
|ja_rm   = Soshite Yo no Koe ni Mimi wo Katamukeru
|ja_tl   = And Now to Listen Carefully the World's Voices
|ko      = 부세에 귀 기울이며
|ko_rm   = Busee Gwi Giurimyeo
|ko_tl   = Listen Carefully to the Transitory World
|es      = La escucha de los corazones mortales
|es_tl   = Listening to Mortal Hearts
|fr      = À l'écoute des cœurs mortels
|fr_tl   = Listening to Mortal Hearts
|ru      = Внимая сердцам смертных
|ru_tl   = Listening to Mortals' Hearts
|th      = สดับฟังความปรารถนาของมนุษย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Listening to Humans' Desires
|vi      = Lắng Nghe Thiên Hạ Nhân Tâm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sterbliche Herzen hören
|de_tl   = To Hear Mortal Hearts
|id      = Mendengar Hati Manusia Fana
|id_tl   = Hearing Mortal Hearts
|pt      = Escutando o Coração dos Mortais
|pt_tl   = Hearing the Hearts of the Mortals
|tr      = Ölümlü Kalplerin Sesini Duymak
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Prestare orecchio a cuori mortali
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:La escucha de los corazones mortales]]