{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 10501
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Astrolabos Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Beyond This World's Stars
|character     = Mona
|description   = The astrologist [[Mona]], who you met by chance outside [[Liyue Harbor]], has promised that if you go with her to Mondstadt to fulfill her appointment, she will help you read the truth behind the gods and your sibling. Leaving Liyue Harbor, you head towards Mondstadt.
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Astrology and the 50-Year Pact
|next          = A Bewildering Fate
|exp           = 625
|mora          = 38,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}} {{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Huai'an; Mona; Paimon; Traveler; Tyler; Yuhua
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''To Mondstadt''' is the second part of [[Mona]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Astrolabos Chapter]]: Act I - [[Beyond This World's Stars]].

==Steps==
# Go to the [[Wangshu Inn]]
# Sit next to the table and accept [[Mona]]'s invitation
# Talk to Mona and enjoy a good meal
# Look for the innkeeper and ask to borrow the kitchen to make Mona a dish
#* The player will be given the recipe for [[Golden Crab]]
# Give the Golden Crab (Normal or Delicious) to Mona
# Continue your journey, head for the Stone Gate
# Talk to Mona as she rests
# Fend the bandits off
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer|x=2}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout|x=4}}
# Talk to Mona

==Notes==
*[[Golden Crab]] recipe is given by the innkeeper.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 5, 8

|character_name          = Mona
|character_level5        = 69
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation5          = 3
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Skyward Atlas
|weapon_level5           = 69
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement5             = 1
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 5
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 11
|hp5                     = 17,064
|hp8                     = 23,015
|atk5                    = 1,656
|atk8                    = 2,295
|def5                    = 560
|def8                    = 781
|em5                     = 42
|em8                     = 105
|er5                     = 151.0%
|er8                     = 167.0%
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|hydro_dmg5              = 30.2%
|hydro_dmg8              = 33.4%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(At Wangshu Inn)
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Since it's Mona's treat, we can order whatever we want, right?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Of course. I am a most generous master, after all. But only if you can finish it all. Wasting food simply will not do.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 01.ogg}} '''Yuhua:''' Excuse me, what would you like to order?
:{{DIcon}} These Golden Shrimp Balls...
::{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 02a.ogg}} '''[[Yuhua]]:''' These are made using large, succulent shrimp wrapped in crispy-fried potatoes. They have an amazing texture.
:{{DIcon}} As for the Vegetarian Abalone...
::{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 02b.ogg}} '''Yuhua:''' It's exactly what it says on the label &mdash; abalone made from vegetarian ingredients. It's just as good as the real thing!
:{{DIcon}} How about this Crab Roe Tofu...
::{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 02c.ogg}} '''Yuhua:''' Though tofu could not be a more ordinary ingredient, it and crab roe are truly a match made in heaven. It's one of our specialties.
:{{DIcon}} And this Salted Pork Soup...
::{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 02d 1.ogg}} '''Yuhua:''' This is a favorite among our regulars. Bamboo shoots, meat and ham are cooked together, creating a richly-flavored soup.
::{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 02d 2.ogg}} '''Yuhua:''' Pour a few spoonfuls into each bowl of rice you eat &mdash; you'll never get enough of it!
;(After hearing the waitress describe each dish)
:{{DIcon}} I'll order them all.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' A&mdash;All of them? We only have three... No, two and a half people? Isn't that too much food?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's not how you count it! Besides, Paimon hasn't even ordered yet!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Squirrel Fish, Jueyun Chili Chicken, and Jewelry Soup, please!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 03.ogg}} '''Yuhua:''' Sure. And is there anything else that you would like to order, ma'am?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I&mdash;I'd just like to ask, how much do the current dishes cost in total?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 04.ogg}} '''Yuhua:''' Um, around twenty thousand Mora.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Then I&mdash;I'll just have some vegetarian noodles, please.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 yuhua 05.ogg}} '''Yuhua:''' Alright. A bowl of vegetarian noodles, was it? Please wait a moment, we will serve you shortly.
:''The food arrives. You and Paimon gorge yourselves on a feast fit for a king, while Mona dines on vegetarian noodles.''
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's been thinking about something since we started eating...
:{{DIcon}} Why did she only order one dish?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it... because she actually doesn't have money?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I heard that! I said I was treating. How could I be rattled by something as mundane as Mora!?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' An astrologist's mind is set on studying the stars. Being so easily disturbed by such banal matters would hamper my judgment.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Especially the act of overly gratifying oneself using Mora. It is both vulgar...
:'''???:''' *stomach grumble*
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...and dangerous.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So not eating the dishes we ordered is also part of an astrologist's pride? Paimon doesn't get it.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But it feels kinda bad that only we got to feast...
:{{DIcon}} Let me whip something up for you.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, yes! We can do that! Just give us a minute!
;(After cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You don't use Mora to fulfill your desires. So, it's fine as long as you're not buying anything, right?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go borrow the kitchen from the {{Color|buzzword|innkeeper}}!

;(Talking to Mona again)
:{{A|vo dialog mnlq002 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There's no need to spend all that effort on me, I'm not in dire need of food.
:{{A|vo dialog mnlq002 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I am a little hungry... but it's not a big deal.
----
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 huaian 01.ogg}} '''[[Huai'an]]:''' Hello, how may I help you?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'd like to borrow the kitchen here.
:{{DIcon}} A friend of mine would like to eat a special dish.
:{{DIcon}} My friend would like to eat something made by me.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 huaian 02.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' Ah, I see. In that case, sure. As long as you've prepared your own ingredients, feel free to use the kitchen.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 huaian 03.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' If I may... You must be well-versed in the art of cooking, yes?
:{{DIcon}} Of course. If I make it, it's delicious!
::{{A|vo mnlq002 4 huaian 04a.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' Haha, talented indeed. Actually, I have a small suggestion to make...
:{{DIcon}} Not really...
::{{A|vo mnlq002 4 huaian 04b.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' Haha, how humble of you. Actually, I have a little suggestion...
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 huaian 05.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' From your clothes, you're most likely not from around these parts. But since you've come to Liyue, would you like to try making Liyue-style cuisine?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 huaian 06.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' I have a recipe for Golden Crab with me. It's a Yue cuisine classic.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 huaian 07.ogg}} '''Huai'an:''' It's crab meat that's been rolled in flour, deep-fried, and then pan-fried together with ginger and garlic. When you finally plate it up, the crab seems to be lying on gold.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Golden... Crab!
:{{DIcon}} That sounds a little complicated.
:{{DIcon}} Learning a whole new dish for Mona's sake is a bit...
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Golden Crab, (Traveler)! Golden Crab!
:{{DIcon}} I got it, I got it. Golden Crab.
:{{DIcon}} ...I guess I'm learning it for your sake, too.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Heh-heh. Then let's get to it!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' With your skills in the kitchen, this'll be a cinch!
:;(Obtain [[Golden Crab|Recipe: Golden Crab]] ×1)
----
;(Returning to Mona)
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There's no need to spend all that effort on me, I'm not in dire need of food...
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I am a little hungry... but it's not a big deal.
;(Give Golden Crab or Delicious Golden Crab to Mona)
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' T&mdash;This aroma is...
:{{DIcon}} Something to go with your noodles.
::{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 04a.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I never thought it'd be so luxurious...
:{{DIcon}} Your special order, ma'am.
::{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 04b.ogg}} '''Mona:''' W-Wow, it's incredible...!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Fine. Since my disciple has put in so much time and effort, I must &mdash; with great difficulty &mdash; accept.
:<small>''(If Normal Golden Crab)''</small>
::{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Aah! It's delicious! It's the most delicious thing I've eaten recently!
:<small>''(If Delicious Golden Crab)''</small>
::{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Ooh! This Golden Crab is too delicious! I have never eaten anything this good in my life!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ah, uh, I mean... *cough* I never knew that my disciple was this skilled. As your master, I am most comforted.
:{{DIcon}} As long as you're eating a full meal.
:{{DIcon}} You say that, but you're clearly relishing the meal.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I see that it's no boast to call them Liyue's delicacies.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I suppose it wasn't too much to spend all this Mora on...
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ah, it's nothing. Nothing at all. Now that we've eaten and drank our fill, we should be off.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If we travel north from here, we should reach the {{Color|buzzword|Stone Gate}}, and from there, we will be within the boundaries of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 6 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What deep mysteries shall we acquire knowledge of? *chuckles* I'm looking forward to it.
----
;(After reaching the destination at the Stone Gate)
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Phew. That was tiring, but we're finally in Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' The quest to plumb the wondrous depths of knowledge is indeed arduous...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not tired.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ugh, that's because you float.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it doesn't look like an astrologist is all that amazing either.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That's because you have too many unrealistic fantasies about astrology.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 01.ogg}} '''[[Tyler]]:''' Are you also resting your feet here?
:'''Paimon:''' Who are you?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 02.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' Oh, my brothers and I are all merchants. We just finished doing business in Liyue, and we're preparing to head back to Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 03.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' You look rather tired. The cart we hired will be coming in a while &mdash; what say you to coming along for the ride?
:{{DIcon}} Well, I am a little tired...
::{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 04a.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' Haha, let's go, then. We can make conversation along the way, the more the merrier.
:{{DIcon}} Do I need to pay?
::{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 04b.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' No need, no need, we're already heading that way anyway.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There's no need. Now shoo. Get out of our way.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 05.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' Eh? Miss... Is there something wrong?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Cease your pretensions, bandit.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Picking up people on the road who appear vulnerable robbing them blind once they've gotten on the cart, and then taking them to some archon-forsaken place &mdash; is that your deal?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 06.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' W&mdash;What are you saying? We came over here to make conversation, and this is how we're rewarded? With insults?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 07.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' If you don't want to get on, don't! Crazy girl...
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well then, shall I tell you now which objects you have on you that are stolen?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If you have any quibbles, we can bring people to corroborate what I've said, and all will come to light.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If I lose, I'll pay you twenty thousand Mora. But if I win, then you'll be eating prison rations in Liyue Harbor tonight.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 11.ogg}} '''Mona:''' How about it? If you're real legitimate businessmen, there's nothing to fear, is there?
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 08.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' You... You!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 09.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' You've pushed it too far, brat!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 taylor 10.ogg}} '''Tyler:''' I don't know how you found out, but as long as we get rid of you, no one will have to know!
:{{DIcon}} Careful, Mona!
:{{DIcon}} You will not touch her!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Don't fret, it's just a few bandits.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 8 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You said earlier that there was nothing amazing about astrologists... Well then, this is a good time to show you what your master can do.
----
;(After defeating the bandits)
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmph, what did you think? Did that satisfy your expectations?
:{{DIcon}} Your combat abilities were amazing.
:{{DIcon}} It's impressive that you saw through those bandits.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Such things are elementary for an astrologist.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Lies are worthless before astrology. Destiny and truth are written in the stars.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Though it may take more time to garner the specifics, I can read the gist of a situation at a glance.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But you did hit some bumps in the road...
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That's because Teyvat's stars can only display the fates and truths of "this world."
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Anything related to you becomes like a fog that even I cannot penetrate.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' That is why I must meet that successor. With our knowledge combined, I might be able to gain new insight into your fate.
:{{DIcon}} I'm a little excited.
:{{DIcon}} I'm not getting my hopes up...
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ha. Whatever the case, you've got everything to gain from this trip.
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Alright, I'm rested. Let's get this journey to {{Color|buzzword|Mondstadt}} over with!
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* If only we had a cart...
:{{A|vo mnlq002 10 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I thought you weren't tired!
{{dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* Using Elemental Sight on Mondstadt bandits will reveal that two of them are named "Treasure Hoarders - Liuliu". The other two bandits are Pyro Potioneers.
** After clearing this group, a trio of normal Treasure Hunters will appear.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = To Mondstadt
|zhs     = 向蒙德进发
|zhs_rm  = Xiàng Méngdé Jìnfā
|zht     = 向蒙德進發
|zht_rm  = Xiàng Méngdé Jìnfā
|zh_tl   = Depart to Mondstadt
|ja      = モンドへ出発
|ja_rm   = Mondo he Shuppatsu
|ja_tl   = Departure to Mondstadt
|ko      = 몬드를 향해 출발
|ko_rm   = Mondeu-reul Hyanghae Chulbal
|ko_tl   = Departure to Mondstadt
|es      = Nuevo destino: Mondstadt
|es_tl   = New Destination: Mondstadt
|fr      = Direction : Mondstadt
|fr_tl   = Direction: Mondstadt
|ru      = В Мондштадт
|ru_tl   = To Mondstadt
|th      = มุ่งหน้าไปยังเมือง Mondstadt
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tiến Về Mondstadt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Nach Mondstadt
|de_tl   = To Mondstadt
|id      = Menuju Mondstadt
|id_tl   = To Mondstadt
|pt      = Para Mondstadt
|pt_tl   = To Mondstadt
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Nuevo destino: Mondstadt]]