{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12016
|image         = Story Quest To Traverse the Mortal Plane.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = Reflections of Mortality
|character     = Raiden Shogun
|summary       = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = The Lonesome Euthymia
|next          = The Fabric of Constancy
|exp           = 525
|mora          = 32,625
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Ei; Kuroda; Paimon; Tomoki; Traveler; Ogura Mio; Rie; Mikoshi Genichirou; Aikawa Susumu; Furuya Noboru; Matsumoto; Takeshi
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''To Traverse the Mortal Plane''' is the second part of [[Raiden Shogun]]'s [[Story Quest]]: [[Imperatrix Umbrosa Chapter]]: Act I - [[Reflections of Mortality]].

==Steps==
# Go out for a walk with [[Ei]]
#* [[Co-Op Mode]] is locked from this step until Ei and the Traveler finish trying Dango Milk at Tomoki's stall.
# Talk to Ei
# Accompany Ei on her tour of the streets
# Go with Ei to [[Tomoki]]'s stall
# Talk to Tomoki
# Go with Ei to [[Yae Publishing House]]
# Talk to [[Kuroda]]
# Browse the light novels on the shelf
# Talk to Ei
# Pick a suitable light novel (0/3)
# Recommend and explain the contents of the book to Ei

==Gameplay Notes==
* While walking with Ei in the marketplace, the player's character is restricted to just the [[Traveler]]. The walk must be restarted from the beginning if the player leaves the area before Ei arrives at Tomoki's stall.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[The Shogun]] seems to be indisposed for some reason, but you, quite unexpectedly, manage to invite Ei to come forth from her [[Plane of Euthymia]]. You decide to take her on a trip around town for a change of pace.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Takeshi after leaving the Plane of Euthymia)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 takeshi 01.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' That's... the Almighty Shogun? She's finished recovering already?
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 takeshi 02.ogg}} '''Takeshi:''' Well, it's good to see she's okay.

;(Go out for a walk with Ei)
:{{A|vo sglq002 1 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' There's a familiarity to the scent in the air and the firmness beneath my feet... mmm...
:{{A|vo sglq002 1 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Now, time for a change of pace. Where should we go?
:{{A|vo sglq002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' To the liveliest place in town!

;(Talk to Ei)
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Oh, is this the marketplace? It's a far cry from how I remember it.
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The stores have changed, and so have the vendors... well, that's to be expected.
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' It's... the Shogun!?
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 rie 01.ogg}} '''Rie:''' What is the Almighty Shogun doing here?
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 mikoshigenichirou 01.ogg}} '''Mikoshi Genichirou:''' Isn't the Shogun sick? This is quite sudden...
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I appear to have frightened the people.
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, what did you expect? The Almighty Shogun makes an impromptu appearance in town. People are gonna freak out a bit.
:{{DIcon}} It seems like a bit of an overreaction.
:{{DIcon}} Doesn't the Shogun normally patrol these parts?
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Patrolling the streets is the [[Tenryou Commission]]'s job. The Shogun has a lot of information to process and orders to give out. She doesn't have time to deal with it herself.
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Additionally, the Shogun has no need of recreation. There would be no need for her to come here just to pass the time or to relax.
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what do we do now? Should we go away for a while and make a more low-profile return later?
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Why? It's not like I'm here to cause trouble. Let's just relax.
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It was more the ordinary people that Paimon was worried about...
:{{A|vo sglq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Never mind. This definitely seems like your style, Ei.
----
;(Talk to Mikoshi Genichirou)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 mikoshigenichirou 01.ogg}} '''Mikoshi Genichirou:''' What's the Shogun doing here in person? Is she here on patrol, or to arrest someone, or... surely she isn't here to go shopping?
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 mikoshigenichirou 02.ogg}} '''Mikoshi Genichirou:''' I... I'd better keep my head down and stay alert.

;(Talk to Ogura Mio)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' I&mdash;I've never seen the Almighty Shogun so close up before...
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 oguramio 02.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' My mind's gone completely blank... I don't know what I should be doing.

;(Talk to Rie)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 rie 01.ogg}} '''Rie:''' Gosh... it really is the Shogun. I thought I must be seeing things.
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 rie 02.ogg}} '''Rie:''' I do hope I didn't say anything untoward...

;(Talk to Aikawa Susumu)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 aikawasusumu 01.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' What's the occasion? I can't believe the Shogun is here in the flesh...
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 aikawasusumu 02.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' I must remember to breathe...
:{{DIcon}} Don't be nervous. It's just a normal day.
::{{A|vo dialog sglq002 aikawasusumu 03a.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Okay, yeah, you're right...
:{{DIcon}} I heard you want to take the Shogun to the hot spring?
::{{A|vo dialog sglq002 aikawasusumu 03b.ogg}} '''Aikawa Susumu:''' Hey, come on, that's crazy talk. Crazy talk. I wouldn't dare...

;(Talk to Matsumoto)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 matsumoto 01.ogg}} '''Matsumoto:''' *gasp* That's the Almighty Shogun! Where's my Kamera, I need to get a picture!
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 matsumoto 02.ogg}} '''Matsumoto:''' Wait, but is it okay to take a photo without permission? Especially when it's the Shogun... No, no, I'd better not...

;(Talk to Furuya Noboru)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 furuyanoboru 01.ogg}} '''Furuya Noboru:''' This is why we call our Shogun "Almighty." She just exudes majesty. It's palpable even from over here.
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 furuyanoboru 02.ogg}} '''Furuya Noboru:''' I knew she couldn't be ill. Not our wise and powerful Shogun, no way.
----
;(Accompany Ei on her tour of the streets)
:{{A|vo sglq002 3 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' People still use Mora in commercial transactions, I assume?
:{{A|vo sglq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, same as ever. Just as shiny, and just as hypnotic!
:{{A|vo sglq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a second. Ei... are you saying you don't have any Mora either?
:{{A|vo sglq002 3 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Of course I don't. There is no need for commerce in the Plane of Euthymia. If I ever need something, I can simply have one of the Commissions bring it to me.
:{{A|vo sglq002 3 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' ...Wait, what do you mean, "either"?
:;(Upon reaching the bridge)
:{{A|vo sglq002 3 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Anyway, people seem to be behaving in a very orderly fashion. I don't see the liveliness you spoke of anywhere.
:{{A|vo sglq002 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' People aren't exactly gonna let their hair down in front of the Almighty Shogun...
:;(Continue forward)
:{{A|vo sglq002 4 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm? What is this stall selling?
:{{A|vo sglq002 4 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I don't believe I've ever seen this before.

;(Talk to Tomoki before Ei reaches him)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' What's the Shogun doing here...
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' What am I supposed to do in this situation? I'm so nervous...
----
;(Ei approaches Tomoki's stall)
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Sh&mdash;Shogun, I... excuse me...
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's alright, relax. I'm just here to look around. I'm having a change of pace today.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Could you tell me about the items you are selling?
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Of course! I've got all kinds of snacks here: Takoyaki, Dango... and, uh, Milk and so on.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Milk? Sounds kinda like the odd one out...
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 03.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' It might sound odd, but it is in fact my specialty.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 04.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' You see, many of the stores in town are already very well established. I couldn't compete with them no matter what I sell.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 05.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' So my idea was to create some new combinations to give customers a novel experience.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 06.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' For example, my latest concoction is this [[Dango Milk]]. When the Dango are worked into a viscous form, they mix very nicely with the milk.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 07.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' The focus is not just the taste, but also the unique texture.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Dango with Milk... hmm, I've never heard of it. What made you want to do this?
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 08.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Ah, I'm sorry, Shogun! I've got no bone to pick with eternity!
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I said relax, there's no need to go treading on eggshells. Do you really think the Eternity I pursue is something that can be shaken by Dango and Milk?
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 09.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' (Huh? Why do I feel like... she's different than I expected?)
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 10.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Actually, it came to me by chance. A friend was catering once and made too many Dango, so they gave some to me.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 11.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' But there were more than I had use for. My Milk wasn't selling well at that time either, and both Dango and Milk have a short shelf life...
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 12.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' So I thought I'd try mixing the two as I had nothing to lose. To my surprise, in the right proportion, it tasted superb.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' A chance combination. Hmm, interesting. May I try this drink?
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 13.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' The Almighty Shogun wants to try!? Well, certainly! And you two should try it, too!

:'''Ei, Paimon, and you drink the Dango Milk slowly.'''

:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Nice, it's sweet. The sensation is not so different from eating a dessert. A unique beverage indeed.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. It's definitely a drink, but it also feels like eating food.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's a little bit like... porridge? But the resemblance is only superficial...
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Anyway. I like it.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 14.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' I'm very glad you approve!
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I imagine that an item as delicious as this Dango Milk must sell exceptionally well, no?
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 15.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Heh, well... I won't lie to you. Sales are very average.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Huh. So it's selling slowly? Why is that?
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 16.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' Because... most people aren't willing to give it a try. They think it's an unusual combination. Even though everyone who's tried it before rates it highly...
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 17.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' ...I'm not saying the Almighty Shogun has unusual tastes! Please don't take it the wrong way!
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ah, I see. Well, that can be fixed. I'll just have the [[Yashiro Commission]] order a few hundred cups and go door-to-door delivering them.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 18.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' No, no, no, Almighty Shogun, that's too much!
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Is it? I just want them to try it. It would be a shame for them to miss out on Dango Milk.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 tomoki 19.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' I, uh... haha.
:{{DIcon}} So you like sweet things?
::{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 13a.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Of course. I've heard that most humans like desserts, so it's not unusual that I should enjoy them too. Miko agrees with me on this.
:{{DIcon}} Do you want another cup?
::{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 13b.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ooh, I would love... N&mdash;No, no need. That would be needlessly indulgent.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 14.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Ahhhh. There's nothing like dessert for improving one's mood. Much more enjoyable than meditating alone all the time.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 15.ogg}} '''Ei:''' By the way, Miko mentioned that she founded something called the Yae Publishing House to sell some sort of... light novels.
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 raidenei 16.ogg}} '''Ei:''' She's always bragging to me about it, but it's difficult for me to really imagine without seeing the place for myself. Can you take me there?
:{{A|vo sglq002 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure. Let's go and have a look.

;(Talk to Tomoki again)
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 tomoki 01.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' The Almighty Shogun actually rates my Dango Milk...
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 tomoki 02.ogg}} '''Tomoki:''' This is incredible! I was thinking of giving up on it, but now... oh, this is fantastic...

----
;(Upon arriving at Yae Publishing House)
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Sh&mdash;Shogun?
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 02.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Almighty Shogun, what brings you to the Yae Publishing House? Do you have instructions for us?
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' No, not at all. Don't be so nervous, I'm just here to look around.
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 03.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Apologies, I still don't quite understand. Are you here to look into the management, or publishing regulations, or... fire safety measures?
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She just wants to browse your books.
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 04.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' The Almighty Shogun wishes to... read light novels?
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes. Any recommendations?
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 05.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Um... the Yae Publishing House's novels are mostly targeted at the general public, and the content is all kinds of strange... I'm not sure we have anything quite to the Almighty Shogun's taste...
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I'm just here to try something new. There's no fun in reading the same kind of thing over and over again. Relax, it's just words on a page, isn't it? What could I misunderstand, really?
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 06.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' In principle, you're absolutely right, it's just...
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It'll be fine. If there's anything the Shogun doesn't understand, we'll explain to her!
:{{DIcon}} Don't be nervous.
:{{DIcon}} The Almighty Shogun just wants to have a look.
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 07.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Well, okay then. Please proceed to the bookshelf over there. It has all the latest best-sellers.
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 08.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' There are some winning entries from the "This Novel Is Amazing!" competition. I have just finished compiling them into a saleable form.
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 kuroda 09.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Um. Don't take them too seriously. It's all just a bit of fun.
:{{A|vo sglq002 6 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Okay. Let's go then.
<!-- black screen -->

:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Huh... How can this be? Did I underestimate the caliber of this material?
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 02.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I know every individual word in these books' titles. So why is it that they make no sense to me in these particular combinations?
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Take this one for example: "The Good Thing About Being Reincarnated as a Hilichurl Is That I Only Need to Eat Sunsettias to Become Stronger"...
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's so long...
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Is it true that hilichurls grow stronger from eating Sunsettias? Surely it should be some sort of meat, at least?
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's just a narrative device.
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' "Narrative device"?
:{{DIcon}} It's imaginary.
:{{DIcon}} It's whatever the author wants it to be.
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' So it's... made up? What's the point of that? Without being grounded in reality, how can the story be believable?
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Also, I'm fairly certain that hilichurls can't write stories. So does this author claim to be documenting hilichurl life from an outside perspective, perhaps?
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's starting to understand Kuroda's reservations right about now...
:{{DIcon}} Too modern, I guess.
:{{DIcon}} Fads have no place in eternity.
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How about we choose for you? We can pick out some novels that are easier to understand and give you the scoop.
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Alright then. I believe myself to be relatively well-read, but with stories like these, I don't even know where to start...
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I have high hopes, though. This seems like Miko's style, so I'm sure the stories are very entertaining.
:{{A|vo sglq002 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright. Leave it to us, we'll be back in a jiffy!

;(After dialogue)
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This could be a pretty tough job. Let's see what we're up against.

;(Talk to Kuroda again)
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' The Almighty Shogun reads light novels...
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 kuroda 02.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' ...you can't write this stuff.

;(Talk to Ei before reading all novels) <!--0, 1 or 2 will trigger same line-->
:{{A|vo dialog sglq002 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Take your time, pick some good ones. I'll be right here.

;(Read a [[Liyue]] Martial Arts Story...)
:'''Read a Liyue Martial Arts Story...:''' (Life Made Me a Fighter When I Just Want to Be a Writer)
:'''Read a Liyue Martial Arts Story...:''' (The book is a martial arts story set in Liyue, focusing on fighting between different gangs.)
:'''Read a Liyue Martial Arts Story...:''' (The protagonist aspires only to become a humble novelist, but gets caught up in the world of gang strife because of an unparalleled martial arts ability.)
:'''Read a Liyue Martial Arts Story...:''' (The selling point of this story is that the protagonist never joins any faction, but is constantly assumed to be the reclusive master of one faction or another.)
:'''Read a Liyue Martial Arts Story...:''' (The martial arts pros who see the protagonist as their enemy are always making a scene. The protagonist is stuck in the middle of all this, all the while clinging tight to the dream of becoming a novelist...)
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a strange person. Why would someone wanna be a novelist that badly?
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Someone like that could easily become the top martial arts pro in the world.
:{{DIcon}} It's all about the journey.
:{{DIcon}} The protagonist has an admirable will.
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You do have a point. And a character so determined to follow their ambition is likely to appeal to Ei, right?

;(Read a Daily Life Romance Story)
:'''Read a Daily Life Romance Story:''' (The Chaotic Epic That Is the Tale of My Youthful Love Life)
:'''Read a Daily Life Romance Story:''' (This book is about the love stories between a very mediocre man and seven beautiful women.)
:'''Read a Daily Life Romance Story:''' (It is a chronological account of the protagonist's daily life, featuring many amusing anecdotes.)
:'''Read a Daily Life Romance Story:''' (The writing is solid, the prose is elegant, and the author brilliantly brings out the unique charm of each character in the story.)
:'''Read a Daily Life Romance Story:''' (But the story stops at a crucial moment when the main character's childhood sweetheart is just about to confess their love to him...)
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, the suspense is killing Paimon!
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon only skimmed through, but Paimon can tell this girl has loved the main character with all her heart since childhood!
:{{DIcon}} I hope she finds happiness.
::{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 07a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! She has so much love to give, she deserves it!
:{{DIcon}} I hope the writer gives her a happy ending.
::{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 07b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right... yeah, it's just a novel. But please let the author have a heart, pleeeease...
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The plot is really gripping, but would Ei really understand this kind of mortal romance?

;(Read a Reincarnation Adventure Story)
:'''Read a Reincarnation Adventure Story:''' ([[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power]])
:'''Read a Reincarnation Adventure Story:''' (In this book, the protagonist is struck by lightning beneath a Thunder Sakura, and wakes up to discover that he has become the Raiden Shogun.)
:'''Read a Reincarnation Adventure Story:''' (Prior to this event, the protagonist is a nobody who gets bullied by everyone. But after becoming the Raiden Shogun, he acquires unlimited power.)
:'''Read a Reincarnation Adventure Story:''' (The appeal of this one probably lies in the euphoria of going from powerlessness to omnipotence, and in the protagonist's inner journey to finally breaking free from their low self-esteem.)
:'''Read a Reincarnation Adventure Story:''' (But it's hard to see how the story would develop after the protagonist literally becomes the Raiden Shogun...)
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' With a premise like this, it's no wonder Kuroda was nervous about letting Ei look around.
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it might be best not to bring this one up with Ei... we might get the author in trouble.
:{{DIcon}} But it doesn't paint the Shogun in a bad light.
:{{DIcon}} I think it's quite original.
:{{A|vo sglq002 8 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well if someone turned into Paimon and did a bunch of stuff this Paimon would never do... Paimon would feel really uncomfortable!

;(After reading all the stories)
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's all of them. Let's try and explain them to Ei.

----

;(Talk to Ei)
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 01.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The looks on your faces tell me you found some good stories.
:{{DIcon}} The martial arts story...
::'''You relate the story of "Life Made Me a Fighter When I Just Want to Be a Writer" to Ei.'''
::&nbsp;
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02a.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Goodness. Are people in Liyue really so complex these days?
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02a 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Even though the protagonist refuses to acknowledge his innate talents, he has a rare dedication to justice.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02a 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Where is he now? Does he have plans to visit Inazuma? If so, I will instruct one of the Commissioners to bring him to me on his arrival. I would very much like to spar with him.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... he's a fictional character. He doesn't exist...
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 02a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What about the antagonists, though? Don't you have any thoughts about their part in the story?
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02a 3.ogg}} '''Ei:''' The antagonists? You mean all the people who behaved foolishly? What can I say, they're bad people and they all got what they deserved. End of story.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 02a 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ei doesn't seem interested in the supporting characters at all.
:{{DIcon}} The love story...
::'''You regale Ei with the plot of "The Chaotic Epic That Is the Tale of My Youthful Love Life."'''
::&nbsp;
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02b.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Why are there seven people all striving to have a relationship with a single male protagonist? Is this some sort of narrative device, too?
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not really, it's a pretty normal story. Y'know, where the guy can only choose one girl in the end.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02b 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I see. Yes, this is an important relationship, so he must choose wisely, but the decision-making process is a source of agony and conflict.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02b 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' So... could the author not simply add a narrative device whereby the main character could accept the feelings of all seven admirers at once? Yes, that would solve it!
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 02b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That would be the most boring love story ever!
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02b 3.ogg}} '''Ei:''' "Love"...
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02b 4.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Hmm. Narrative devices are truly mysterious things.
:{{DIcon}} The Shogun story...
::'''You narrate "Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power" for Ei.'''
::&nbsp;
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 02c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! Paimon thought we agreed not to bring that one up!
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02c 1.ogg}} '''Ei:''' It's okay. I find it quite interesting. I didn't realize that this was how ordinary people viewed the Shogun.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02c 2.ogg}} '''Ei:''' She would never use the [[Musou no Hitotachi]] as frivolously as she does in the pages of this book. Nor would she ever use it as a means of venting emotions. In reality, the reason for drawing her blade determines which martial form to use and the degree of power with which to imbue it.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02c 3.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Since there is such a great deal of difference between the story and the reality, I don't feel offended at all. On the contrary, I find the author's powers of imagination quite admirable.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02c 4.ogg}} '''Ei:''' That said, I hear that Yae Publishing House's novels are all reviewed by Miko herself.
::{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 02c 5.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Which means that the content of this book must have been approved by her... in fact, no. It may even have been her idea in the first place.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what do you think of Yae Publishing House's light novels, Ei?
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you like the stories we picked?
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 03.ogg}} '''Ei:''' What I take from these stories is not so much the content itself, but what they represent in terms of the effects of time upon Inazuma.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 04.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Back when I decided to isolate myself in the Plane of Euthymia, there was no Yae Publishing House, and certainly no stories of this kind.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 05.ogg}} '''Ei:''' In accordance with my wishes, the Shogun did her best to create an eternal nation. A nation that, in theory, should remain entirely unchanged over time.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 06.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But the fact is that both the food and the stories have changed with time...
:{{DIcon}} It's human nature to seek change.
:{{DIcon}} Change is inevitable.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 07.ogg}} '''Ei:''' "I disagree with your point of view"... That's what I would say if we were still in the Plane of Euthymia.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 08.ogg}} '''Ei:''' But the truth is right here in front of my eyes, and I can't deny it.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And that's exactly why we brought you out. To take a look around and get some fresh ideas.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure, it's not the same as you remember, but one way or another, people are loving life in the present. That's gotta be a good thing, right?
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 09.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Yes, you're right. I'm wary of any and all change, but I do not wish for my pursuit of Eternity to stop human lives from changing for the better.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 10.ogg}} '''Ei:''' Thank you for inviting me out. This trip has been quite eye-opening for me.
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:{{DIcon}} We're just out here to have some fun.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 11.ogg}} '''Ei:''' This may be an everyday occurrence for you. But for me, this trip has been quite an occasion.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 12.ogg}} '''Ei:''' I've seen a lot and it's made me think a lot... I really can't praise it highly enough. I hope I will remember it for a long time to come.
:{{DIcon}} Well, why don't we take a photo?
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great idea! Ei's had a wonderful time, and a photo is the best way to remember it!
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 raidenei 13.ogg}} '''Ei:''' "Take a photo"...? Once again, I'm faced with a combination of words that makes absolutely no sense to me.
:{{A|vo sglq002 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's okay. Come with us, we'll find a scenic spot and show you what we mean.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = To Traverse the Mortal Plane
|zhs     = 浮世遍历风流
|zhs_rm  = Fúshì Biànlì Fēngliú
|zht     = 浮世遍歷風流
|zht_rm  = Fúshì Biànlì Fēngliú
|zh_tl   = To Experience Elegance in the Fleeting World
|ja      = 浮世の風流を巡る
|ja_rm   = Ukiyo no Furyuu wo Meguru
|ja_tl   = Going Around the Elegance of the Fleeting World
|ko      = 부세의 풍류를 겪고
|ko_rm   = Buse-ui Pungryureul Gyeokkko
|ko_tl   = Experience Taste of Transitory World
|es      = La travesía del mundo mortal
|es_tl   = The Traversal of the Mortal World
|fr      = Traversée du monde mortel
|fr_tl   = Traversal of the Mortal World
|ru      = Средь бренного мира
|ru_tl   = In the Midst of Fleeting World
|th      = ท่องไปในแดนมนุษย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Travelling into the Human Land
|vi      = Dạo Bước Thế Gian
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Durchqueren der Welt der Sterblichen
|de_tl   = Traversing the World of Mortals
|id      = Melintasi Dunia Fana
|id_tl   = Traversing Mortal World
|pt      = A Travessia do Mundo Mortal
|pt_tl   = The Traversal of the Mortal World
|tr      = Ölümlüler Diyarından Geçmek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Attraverso il mondo mortale
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:La travesía del mundo mortal]]