{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72661
|image         = Event Quest To Thee My Tender Confide.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|event_name    = Lunar Realm
|description   = You couldn't convince [[Jiawei]] to join the crew. Will things go more smoothly with [[Nantuck]]?<br /><br />You couldn't convince Jiawei to join the crew, so next it's time to try and recruit a Mondstadt fisherman, Nantuck. Maybe this time, things will go more smoothly?
|prev          = The Moon Has Risen
|next          = By Thy Pale Beams I Solitary Rove
|startLocation = [[Cider Lake]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Fleein' Lin; Klutzy Bazi; Kujirai Momiji; Nantuck; Old-School Qi; Paimon; Traveler
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 30,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''To Thee My Tender Grief Confide''' is the second quest of the [[Lunar Realm]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the [[Mondstadt]] fisherman [[Nantuck]]
# Go to [[Dragonspine]] to search for the Lunar Leviathan fossil
# Investigate the ore pile (0/3)
#* Obtain [[Ore Slag]] ×3
# Discuss with [[Paimon]]
# Tail the [[Treasure Hoarders]]
#* [[Stealth]] mechanics are activated
#* If stealth fails, player must Discuss with Paimon again
# Defeat the Treasure Hoarders and claim the fossil
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Hydro Potioneer|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Handyman|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Scout|x=1}}
#* After the fight, obtain the [[Fossil Bag]]
# Talk to [[Kujirai Momiji]]

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Nantuck)
:'''Nantuck:''' Hey, young fisherman, I'm glad to see you. What's up, have you run into some trouble?
:'''Nantuck:''' Come come, I am your experienced angling guide. You can let me know about any issues you're having.

:'''You tell Nantuck why you're here.'''

:'''Nantuck:''' It makes sense that Kujirai is still obsessed with finding the "[[Lunar Leviathan]]" as her wish is...
:'''Nantuck:''' Alas, if she knew the truth about the "Lunar Leviathan" she would be devastated.
:{{DIcon}} What truth?
:'''Nantuck:''' To be truthful, after from returning from the voyage, I did not stop researching about the "Lunar Leviathan". I finally found a clue in an ancient book.
:'''Nantuck:''' Based on those clues, I went back out on the field and found out some shocking revelations.
:'''Nantuck:''' I published my findings in a book, I heard it's doing well recently.
:'''Nantuck:''' Here, I just happen to have a book left by the editor. The truth about the "Lunar Leviathan" is inside.
:'''Paimon:''' [[Paimon]] wants to see too! Let Paimon get a look!
:'''Paimon:''' "Regarding How The Lunar Leviathan Is Actually A Giant Sea Turtle" ... What a long title... Huh?
:'''Paimon:''' A giant sea turtle? The "Lunar Leviathan" is a giant sea turtle?
:'''Nantuck:''' That's right, the "Lunar Leviathan" is a giant sea turtle.
:'''Nantuck:''' That night, what we saw was a giant sea turtle with long bioluminescent plants growing on its back.
:'''Nantuck:''' It was a pregnant sea turtle that was looking for land to lay her eggs, which was how we found our way home.
:'''Nantuck:''' So go back and tell Kujirai, you eventually have to face the facts.
:{{DIcon}} But, maybe this can be explained...
:'''Nantuck:''' Seeing your expression, you probably don't believe me huh? But my research has evidence to back it up.
:'''Nantuck:''' In the ancient tales, the "Lunar Leviathan" is an ancient creature, back when many animals lived on land.
:'''Nantuck:''' Their ancestors were active in the Dragonspine area and you can even find fossils of them today.
:'''Nantuck:''' I found some last time in {{Color|buzzword|Wyrmrest Valley}}. If you don't believe me you can go see for yourself.

;(After collecting the 3 ore samples)
:'''Paimon:''' All that's left is some Ore Slag. Seems like someone took something from here.
:'''Paimon:''' Eh?! Is that...a Treasure Hoarder?
:'''Paimon:''' Could it be them who removed the object from the rock scraps?
:'''Paimon:''' Quick! Follow them! Their encampment must be around here, whatever was hidden in the rock scraps must be there!
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
:'''Paimon:''' We have be to sneaky, very sneaky. We mustn't be caught.

;(Tail the Treasure Hoarder)

;(If caught)
:'''Old-School Qi:''' Wh&mdash;Who's there!?

;(If player is too far from Old-School Qi)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, he's getting too far away! We gotta catch up, or we're gonna lose him!
;(If player is even further away from Old-School Qi)
:;(Go back to Discuss with Paimon)

;(About halfway to the camp)
:'''Old-School Qi:''' This round rock should be a gem, right? Well, bring it back to camp first!
:'''Paimon:''' It looks like he's found some kind of rock! Let's follow him.

;(After following the Treasure Hoarder back to the camp)
:'''Old-School Qi:''' Hey, you guys, do you think this shabby rock is worth anything? It's so rare that it's hidden in the ore.
:'''Fleein' Lin:''' Oh please, what do you mean by shabby rock, have you touched a book before in your life? It's called a fossil. A fossil, get it?
:'''Fleein' Lin:''' Not only is it worth a fortune, this alone can buy half of [[Liyue Harbor]]! Go back and read more!
:'''Klutzy Bazi:''' Really? Is it worth that much? Then, with what we have in the camp, wouldn't we be really weather?
:'''Fleein' Lin:''' It's "wealthy!" You should go and read more too!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! That guy over there, hand over the fossil!
:'''Fleein' Lin:''' Ah! Who is it? Darn...we've been spotted... Brothers, get them!
;(Obtain [[Fossil Bag]])

;(After obtaining the Fossil Bag)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew - finally got it!
:'''Paimon:''' Well... these round fossils do look a bit like turtle shells! Could Nantuck be telling the truth...
:'''Paimon:''' What should we do? Both Jiawei and Nantuck aren't here... How do we explain to Ms. Kujirai when she comes back?
:'''Paimon:''' Sigh, let's just take the fossil back to her first.

;(Talk to Kujirai Momiji)
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' You guys are finally back, eh? Jiawei didn't come?
:{{DIcon}} He stayed in the village.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Oh? He's become a family man? Haha! That seems like something he would do.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' After all, that was his wish...alright, for this reason, he is forgiven.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' What about Nantuck? Did you guys find him?
:{{DIcon}} He wrote a Best-Selling book.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Never thought he'd actually be a writer, huh? Pretty talented, so what did he write about?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon knows! Paimon knows! The books called "Regarding How The Lunar Leviathan Is Actually A Giant Sea Turtle".
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Oh, that's a long name...is it a light novel? Not bad... I'll go buy a copy and read it too... Hmm? Wait a minute.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' "Regarding How The Lunar Leviathan Is Actually..." It's actually a...?!
:{{DIcon}} Mmhmm, it's actually a giant sea turtle.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' What is this guy talking about? How could it be a giant sea turtle? Did he forget that we saw the "Lunar Leviathan" with our own eyes?
:'''Paimon:''' We didn't believe it at first...until we went to the snowy mountains and found the fossil of the "Lunar Leviathan"... Here you go, the book and the fossil.
:'''''Kujirai Momiji checks the book and fossil.'''''
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' No, I don't believe this. It's not true...
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' You don't understand, our family comes from a long lineage of fishermen, and my father is also a famous fisherman in Inazuma.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' He had spent decades chasing the "Lunar Leviathan" on the ocean, and once, he almost succeeded.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' Although it was all for naught, my father didn't give up. It would be a great honor for a fisherman if he could catch the legendary "Lunar Leviathan."
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' But after the next trip to sea...he never came back.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' ...
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' So, I won't believe such words easily, please help me out!
:{{DIcon}} What do you plan to do then?
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' I'm going back to find the items my father left behind. He chased the "Lunar Leviathan" all his life and left a lot of information behind. I'm sure I can find a way.
:'''Kujirai Momiji:''' I have prepared some fishing training for you, please wait for my good news, I will have to ask you for help then.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = To Thee My Tender Grief Confide
|zhs     = 我本将心
|zhs_rm  = Wǒ Běn Jiāng Xīn
|zht     = 我本將心
|zht_rm  = Wǒ Běn Jiāng Xīn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 心は通じず
|ja_rm   = Kokoro wa Tsuujizu
|ja_tl   = Heart Without Understanding
|ko      = 마음이 향하는 곳은 달이건만
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Confío en ti
|es_tl   = (I) Trust in You
|fr      = À mon tendre chagrin, je confie
|fr_tl   = To My Tender Grief, I Confide
|ru      = Доверяю вам моё нежное горе
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = แด่จิตใจที่อ่อนโยน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trao Trọn Tấm Lòng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Dir vertraue ich meinen Kummer an
|de_tl   = I Entrust You My Grief
|id      = Gayung Tak Bersambut
|id_tl   = <!-- if any Indonesian saw this in the future, please fix it if that is the wrong meaning. I never heard that word before in my entire life. Thank you --> "Repay Kindness With Kindness, Repay Evil With Evil"
|pt      = Meu Coração Confia em Ti
|pt_tl   = My Heart Trusts in You
|id_note = Indonesian proverb with no English equivalent. The sentence itself is rarely used and not widely known in Indonesia. Roughly means "Repay kindness with kindness, repay evil with evil".
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[pt-br:Meu Coração Confia em Ti]]