{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19142
|image         = Hangout Event To the Shrine.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kuki Shinobu
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Gang's Daily Deeds
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Ways and Means
|next          = Shrine Maiden for a Day
|next2         = In the Aftermath (Hangout Event)
|characters    = Kuki Shinobu; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''To the Shrine''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Gang's Daily Deeds}}.

==Steps==
* Go to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]] and apologize to [[Yae Miko]]

==Dialogue==
===To the Shrine===
{{Quest Description|To obtain the forgiveness of the Grand Narukami Shrine, Shinobu has to make a trip there.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Yae Miko)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well hello there, little one. Oh? I see you've brought a special guest.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem... Lady Guuji, I'm here to apologize on behalf of the Arataki Gang.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' We will remove all the flyers and compensate the shrine appropriately for any damages.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I hope Lady Guuji can forgive their appalling behavior...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ah, so that's why you're here... Tut-tut, yes, that is a tricky situation.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' This is the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], after all. Ultimately, their actions here are tantamount to disrespecting the Shogun herself...
:{{DIcon}} (That's a devilish grin...)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, how about this? I've already assigned a shrine maiden to clear up your little flyers, so at this moment we are a little understaffed at the shrine.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You mentioned appropriate compensation. Perhaps you could fill in for this shrine maiden and greet visitors for the day, hmm?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm afraid I have to refuse.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Such a hasty refusal. Do you think that's wise? Goodness, who knows what [[Tenshukaku]] would make of this if they heard about it...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ugh, I can't believe it...
:{{DIcon}} Looks like you'll have to play along...
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Never let her lead you by the nose!
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 1====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Looks like you'll have to play along...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, very good. You've learned a lot since we last met.
:{{DIcon}} Otherwise, things can only get worse.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' True... I could deal with most people if they tried to exploit my weakness... just not her.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Okay. I'll be a shrine maiden for a day &mdash; but let me be clear that this is for one day only... and one time only.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Also, I'm not wearing a shrine maiden's outfit. Not happening.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Aw, well that's a shame.
:{{DIcon}} What a pity.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hey, not you too!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, that settles it, then. Now, there are already a few visitors at the shrine. Make sure you take good care of them.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...I know what I'm doing.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Ooh, she marched off quickly. So cold.
:{{DIcon}} It seems that I have no business left here.
:{{DIcon}} I guess I'll be leaving now.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hold on now. Would you like to be a shrine maiden for a day as well?
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure I'm qualified...?
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hah. It's my shrine. If I say you're qualified, then you're qualified.
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Besides, can you really bear the thought of leaving her here all by herself?
:{{DIcon}} Heck no, the thought terrifies me.
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, don't say that. Besides, can you really bear the thought of leaving her here all by herself?

:{{DIcon}} (Shinobu of all people will be quite alright on her own.)
:{{DIcon}} (But who knows what might happen with Miko here...)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So you'll stay and keep her company, yes? Don't worry, you'll both receive ample compensation for your trouble.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It'll be quite worth the wait. Especially yours, I assure you... Hehe...
;(Proceed to [[Shrine Maiden for a Day]])
{{Dialogue End}}

====Branch 2====
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Never let her lead you by the nose!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Dear me, don't you trust me? I'm heartbroken...
:{{DIcon}} You've clearly got some mischief planned!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' *sigh*... You're both impossible. Go on then, go lend a hand to the shrine maiden in charge of removing the flyers.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You can have it your way. Take down all the flyers and that will be the end of it. Is that accommodating enough for you?
:{{DIcon}} Yes... suspiciously so...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I agree &mdash; this seems out of character for her...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Still, getting rid of the flyers should be the [[Arataki Gang]]'s responsibility.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Even if there's a catch to this, it can't be as bad as being a shrine maiden for the day...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Thanks for sticking with me this far, {{Traveler}}. You can leave the rest to me...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Do we have an agreement? Well then. No backing out now.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The shrine maiden I tasked with cleaning up is just outside the shrine. You'll know her when you see her.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She is your sister, after all.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' [[Miyuki]]!?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Let's leave it there, shall we? Work hard, now, hehe...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 16.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Huh... so she still got me in the end.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 17.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I hate to have to do this, {{Traveler}}, but... please stick with me for a little longer.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 18.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Also, as of right now, you're "Chief Advisor of the Arataki Gang."
:{{DIcon}} About your sister...
:{{DIcon}} Chief Advisor?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 19.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm sorry, it's just... It's all a bit complicated.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914201 shinobu 20.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ugh. C'mon, let's go outside and find her.
;(Proceed to [[In the Aftermath (Hangout Event)]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = To the Shrine
|zhs     = 神社之行
|zhs_rm  = Shénshè zhī Xíng
|zht     = 神社之行
|zht_rm  = Shénshè zhī Xíng
|zh_tl   = A Trip to the Shrine
|ja      = 神社の旅
|ja_rm   = Jinja no Tabi
|ja_tl   = A Trip to the Shrine
|ko      = 신사로의 여정
|ko_tl   = Journey into Shrine
|es      = Una visita al Santuario
|es_tl   = A Visit at the Sanctuary
|fr      = Direction : le sanctuaire
|fr_tl   = Direction: the Sanctuary
|ru      = Следующая остановка - святилище
|ru_tl   = Next Stop - Shrine
|th      = การเดินทางสู่ศาลเจ้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuyến Đi Đến Đền Thần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Entschuldigungstour zum Schrein
|de_tl   = Apology Tour to the Shrine
|id      = Menuju ke Kuil
|id_tl   = To the Shrine
|pt      = Viagem ao Santuário
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tapınağa Doğru
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Verso il santuario
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}