{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02005
|image         = Archon Quest C2A1 To Treat the Well-Meaning Well.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia
|part          = 6
|description   = How did the samurai who lost his Vision become stuck in a quagmire of troubles brought upon him by the people?
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting
|next          = A Swordmaster's Path Is Paved With Broken Blades
|exp           = 800
|mora          = 38,100
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Aoi; Gou; Ken; Kurosawa Kyounosuke; Oomori; Paimon; Tadao; Traveler; Yuuya
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=To Treat the Well-Meaning Well|chapter=2|act=1|part=6}}

==Steps==
#Find the next person who lost their Vision
#Talk to [[Kurosawa Kyounosuke|Kurosawa]]<!--Following in-game text-->
#Go and stop the Treasure Hoarders from looting Kurosawa's house
#*Defeat the Treasure Hoarders
#*Talk to the Treasure Hoarders
#Talk to [[Aoi]] in the general goods shop and find out what happened
#Talk to Kurosawa

==Notes==
<!-- Any notes that will help complete the quest -->
*Although Aoi asks for 2,000 Mora, the amount is not actually deducted from the player's [[inventory]].

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}

;(After completing [[The Meaning of Meaningless Waiting]])
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' According to Miss Kamisato, the second one who lost their Vision is a samurai from the [[Tenryou Commission]].

===Inazuma City===
;(Upon approaching the suburbs of Inazuma City)
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They say the [[Tenryou Commission]] is directly controlled by the shogun. They're the ones responsible for maintaining law and order in Inazuma &mdash; the ones actually enforcing the [[Vision Hunt Decree]].
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why would they take action against one of their own?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't get it... Huh? There seems to be some commotion over there, let's go see what's happening!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 oomori 01.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' I'll ask one more time... Do you intend to withhold this month's emergency provisions?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 yuuya 01.ogg}} '''Yuuya:''' The entire clan is counting on that food. We demand an explanation!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 kurosawa 01.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' How many times do I have to say it... I don't know anything about emergency provisions.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 oomori 02.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' You dare deceive us! Those provisions are essential, do you understand? Not some goods to be pocketed by greedy samurai!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 yuuya 02.ogg}} '''Yuuya:''' You samurai think that you can just do whatever you please!? The Tenryou Commission will hear of this!
:{{DIcon}} Emergency provisions... like emergency food?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 oomori 03.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' Huh? And who are you? One of Kurosawa's gang, no doubt?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? We just happened to be passing by.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We heard the commotion and came to see what the matter was.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 oomori 04.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' I see, you seem to have come just at the right time. Perhaps you can help us settle this matter.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 oomori 05.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' This is Kurosawa, he's a samurai and a member of the Shogun's Army. They issue emergency provisions to the area, and he's the one responsible for distribution.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 oomori 06.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' In the past we'd simply ask him for provisions and everything would be delivered. Now, he suddenly refuses to give us anything!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 oomori 07.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' He's keeping the provisions for himself, I just know it! We'll starve without them!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 yuuya 03.ogg}} '''Yuuya:''' No one seems to care about us... We used to think Kurosawa was a kind man, but he's shown his true colors. He's the same as all the other samurai.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 yuuya 04.ogg}} '''Yuuya:''' It's no wonder all the Visions have been confiscated. The [[Raiden Shogun]] doesn't need people like him helping her rule the nation.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This must be one of the people [[Ayaka]] asked us to help. But why would she ever want us to help someone like him?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe we should talk to Kurosawa and see what he has to say.

;(Talk to Oomori again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq006 oomori 01.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' A person without a conscience is a person without honor!

;(Talk to Yuuya again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq006 yuuya 01.ogg}} '''Yuuya:''' The emergency provisions... what{{sic}} will we do without them?
----

;(Talk to Kurosawa)
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 01.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' I've never even heard of these emergency provisions!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 02.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' I don't know whether it's rumors or whether they're trying to blackmail me, but either way it's ridiculous. If I was hoarding supplies, would I still be the poor man I am today?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 03.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' My own family can barely get by as it is... Now, if you'll excuse me, I've got other matters to attend to.
:{{DIcon}} We heard that you lost your Vision recently.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 04.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' That's the first bit of truth I've heard all day. The Shogun's Army told me that I was unworthy of my Vision &mdash; they said I was slacking off in my work. Apparently I'd even disappointed the Raiden Shogun. That's why they confiscated my Vision.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well that's strange, you were helping enforce the Vision Hunt Decree. Why would you be unworthy of your Vision?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 05.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' To be perfectly honest... I don't seem to remember the details.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 06.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' All I know is that I would perform certain things every month, but I don't recall what they were.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 07.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' And it's not just that... I have this unsettling feeling like... like someone owes me something.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does it have to do with the missing emergency provisions?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 08.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' I didn't take any! Like I said, if I was taking them for myself, I wouldn't be going through such hard times right now.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 09.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' To top it all off, my house was just raided by Treasure Hoarders... which is why I came here in the first place. I was chasing after them when I got held up by these two.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 kurosawa 10.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' If you don't believe me, go find the Treasure Hoarders yourself! If there were any emergency provisions to be had, they would've found them.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... He seems to be telling the truth.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we'd better confirm. Let's go round up those Treasure Hoarders and see what they have to say.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should be able to follow their tracks. They couldn't have gone too far.

;(Talk to Kurosawa again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq006 kurosawa 02.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' I never thought that one day I'd be relying on Treasure Hoarders to prove my innocence.

;(Talk to Oomori again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq006 oomori 02.ogg}} '''Oomori:''' Enough lies &mdash; cough up the provisions!

;(Talk to Yuuya again)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq006 yuuya 02.ogg}} '''Yuuya:''' *whimpering* How will we ever get by without those provisions...

===Treasure Hoarders===
;(Upon approaching the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo dqaq006 4 ken 01.ogg}} '''[[Ken]]:''' We really outdid ourselves this time!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 4 ken 02.ogg}} '''Ken:''' All those samurai houses packed with goods, haha! We really hit the jackpot. I mean, besides that one house...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 4 tadao 01.ogg}} '''[[Tadao]]:''' You haven't seen anything yet, there'll be a lot more where this came from!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 4 tadao 02.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' Today's just the beginning. I'll be leading you all on an epic journey of pillage and plunder that will go down in hoarder history!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 4 gou 01.ogg}} '''[[Gou]]:''' You da man, boss!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These seem like the Treasure Hoarders we're after. Let's teach 'em a lesson!

;(After defeating the Treasure Hoarders)
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 ken 01.ogg}} '''Ken:''' Ugh, there goes all the Mora... We worked hard to steal that, ya know!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 ken 02.ogg}} '''Ken:''' C'mon boss, think of something!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 tadao 01.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' Ahem... Not bad, kid... Y&mdash;You ever think of joining the Treasure Hoarders? We could use someone like you.
:{{DIcon}} Forget it. Tell us all you know about Kurosawa.
:{{DIcon}} Not likely. Word has it you looted Kurosawa's house.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 tadao 02.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' Kurosawa? Oh... I remember.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 tadao 03.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' So he's the one who sent you after us, huh? Tsk, just our luck... I knew we shouldn't have hit that place.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what did you see inside? Was it stuffed with food supplies?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 tadao 04.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' Food supplies? You kidding? That place was a complete mess... All we found was a strange&mdash;looking box, hopefully with valuables inside.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 tadao 05.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' I didn't want anyone else to see it, so I was planning on opening it myself once we got back.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 tadao 06.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' But now that you've caught us, how about we make a deal? That little box for our freedom... Whaddya say?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've got a deal. Now show us what's in the box!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 ken 03.ogg}} '''Ken:''' Huh!?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 tadao 07.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' What the!?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 gou 01.ogg}} '''Gou:''' Th&mdash;There's nothing in here but IOUs!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, a lot of them, too...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And they all seem to be made out to the owner of a general goods store, a Miss Aoi... We're talking tons of Mora here!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'd better go talk to this Miss Aoi and get to the bottom of this.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As for you guys, you're free to go. Just pray that our paths don't cross again!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 ken 04.ogg}} '''Ken:''' Y&mdash;Yes, of course!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 gou 02.ogg}} '''Gou:''' So we redeemed ourselves for some IOUs... does that mean we broke even?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 5 tadao 08.ogg}} '''Tadao:''' Shut it! Let's just get out of here!

===Tsukumomono Groceries===
;(Talk to Aoi)
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 01.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Welcome to Tsukumomono Groceries, we've got everything you need. Can I help you find something?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 02.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Or perhaps... there's something you want to inquire about?
:{{DIcon}} About these IOUs...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 03.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Ah, so you're friends of Kurosawa, I take it? Haha. Perhaps you're here to pay off his debts?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, whoa, let's not get ahead of ourselves... We're just here to learn where they all came from.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How did Kurosawa end up owing you so much money? Did he buy anything super&mdash;expensive here?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 04.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Let me think...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 05.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Kurosawa would come regularly to purchase large quantities of foodstuffs. He'd always put the payment on his own account.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 06.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' However, the price of provisions began to skyrocket recently, and his salary was no longer enough to cover the cost. So, he started writing out IOUs to cover whatever he couldn't afford of the usual amount.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that's how he was getting those emergency provisions...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But why did he have to purchase a "usual" amount? If the prices increased, couldn't he just buy less?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 07.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Well if you think about it, the citizens receiving the emergency provisions must have been carefully calculating how much they needed to sustain them each time.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 08.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Kurosawa thought that it would be quite the disappointment for them if they found they didn't have enough. Especially after such long and careful planning.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 09.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' So he deemed it necessary to take on the debt rather than let the people down.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Kurosawa was purchasing all the emergency provisions at his own expense...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...and no one ever appreciated what he did... They just complained and held him accountable...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 10.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' People's attitudes will always reflect their circumstances. In the face of hardship, nobody cares to think twice.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 11.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' If you ask me, had Kurosawa told everyone the truth about the supplies from the start, then there wouldn't be such a severe backlash now.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 12.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Of course, I'm sure there would still have been some unrest. What he was doing was truly a thankless deed.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 13.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' As for why he chose to spend his own money on emergency provisions and never tell anyone... I'm still not too clear myself.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 14.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' If you're still curious, why don't you go ask him yourself?
:{{DIcon}} Unfortunately, he doesn't remember.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 15.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' I see... That reminds me... it seems that his Vision was recently confiscated.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 16.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Most unfortunate... If he doesn't clear the debt on his name, he'll have no choice but to sell that sword that is so dear to him.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sword? What sword?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 17.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Didn't he tell you? He possesses a very valuable blade... He's carried it for years now.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 18.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' I've asked him about its origins &mdash; he told me that it was a gift from his father... that it was too precious to sell.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 19.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' In hindsight, I regret that I never made an offer on it... Everything has its price, at least that's what I think.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 20.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Why don't you ask him about the sword yourself? Perhaps it'll even provide you with the answers you are looking for.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 21.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Oh, but before you go, if you would kindly settle today's bill...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh? But we didn't buy anything!
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 22.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Hehe, information is also a kind of commodity, wouldn't you agree?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 aoi 23.ogg}} '''Aoi:''' Don't worry, I won't charge much for information about Kurosawa. Nothing we ever discussed was explicitly confidential anyway. Let me think... 2,000 Mora should be a fair price.
:{{DIcon}} Fair enough.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At least we now know where the emergency provisions were coming from, plus we found out that Kurosawa has a priceless sword in his possession.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go talk to Kurosawa again and see if he can remember anything...

===Kurosawa===
;(Talk to Kurosawa)
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm, what are you doing here all by yourself? Where did those other two go?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 01.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' I presented them with a choice: either they left or I drew my sword. They left.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 02.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' It turned out to be a real time&mdash;saver, actually. Perhaps I should start using it more often...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 03.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' Did you manage to track down the Treasure Hoarders? Everything I said was true, right?
:{{DIcon}} Actually...
:'''''You recount your encounter with the Treasure Hoarders and conversation with Aoi.'''''
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That just about sums it up. It turns out that you really were distributing emergency provisions, but they were all purchased at your own expense.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 04.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' Strange... Is that really the kind of person I was?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 05.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' I don't really have any such recollection. Even after all you've told me, I still don't remember anything.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 06.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' Why was I purchasing emergency provisions for everyone? And why would I put myself in such a difficult situation... *sigh* I really don't understand.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 07.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' But I cannot deny that when I brandished my sword to scare those two away, I could sense that my body was somehow reluctant to do so.
:{{DIcon}} The sword...
:{{DIcon}} Mind if we have a look?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 08.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' This sword was once wielded by my father.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 09.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' I remember once when I was young, I wanted to sneak out with the blade and show it off to the kids next door. My father ended up catching me in the act and scolded me severely.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 10.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' What did he say... Huh. I can't seem to remember that either.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 11.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' It would seem that I forgot many important things when my Vision was taken from me. So many memories, gone forever, no matter how hard I try to remember.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 12.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' All I can remember now is my father telling me that this blade bore his life's creed. Before he passed away, he placed the sword in my hands...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 13.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' ...and said to me, "With this sword, you should&mdash;"
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey... If you look carefully, there seems to be some words engraved on the hilt.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can you recognize the words?
:{{DIcon}} The words are: "Virtue and Justice."
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 14.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' "Virtue and Justice"?
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 15.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' Somehow, those two words seem to explain everything now...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 16.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' Taking on seemingly endless debts to make others happy. I guess that must have been my greatest ambition after all...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 17.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' But what use are virtue and justice? I purchased the provisions for those in need, and look how things ended up.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 18.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' The Tenryou Commission seized my Vision, and the very people I was so desperately trying to help, refuse to understand me.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 19.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' And the irony of all of it is... I somehow still felt sorry when threatening them with my blade.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 kurosawa 20.ogg}} '''Kurosawa Kyounosuke:''' I'm incapable of being a good person... yet I'm equally unable to be bad. I&mdash;I don't know what to do with myself...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yet another troubled soul...
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When we get the chance, let's speak to [[Thoma]] about Kurosawa's debt. The [[Yashiro Commission]] would surely help cover his expenses.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' In any case, we must never let him sell off that sword.
:{{DIcon}} Losing a Vision...
:{{DIcon}} ...is no trifling matter.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, seems like losing all ambition is a terrible experience.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fortunately for us, you don't have a Vision.
:{{A|vo dqaq006 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go find the next poor soul.

{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = To Treat the Well-Meaning Well
|zhs     = 愿仁义之人被仁义以待
|zhs_rm  = Yuàn Rényì zhī Rén Bèi Rényì Yǐ Dài
|zht     = 願仁義之人被仁義以待
|zht_rm  = Yuàn Rényì zhī Rén Bèi Rényì Yǐ Dài
|zh_tl   = May the Righteous be Treated with Righteousness
|ja      = 仁義を通す人には善意を持って接するべき
|ja_rm   = Jingi wo Toosu Hito ni wa Zen'i wo Motte Sessuru Beki
|ja_tl   = May the Righteous Be Treated With Good Will
|ko      = 의로운 자가 의롭게 대해지는 세상이 되길
|ko_rm   = Uiro'un Ja-ga Uiropge Daehaejineun Sesang-i Doegil
|ko_tl   = May the World become a World Where the Righteous are treated Righteously
|es      = Pagando la bondad con bondad
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Que les bien intentionnés soient bien traités
|fr_tl   = May the Well-Meaning Ones Be Treated Well
|ru      = К благосклонным относятся с благосклонностью
|ru_tl   = The Favorable Are Treated with Favor
|th      = ขอให้ผู้ที่มีคุณธรรมได้รับการปฏิบัติอย่างชอบธรรม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = May Righteous People be Treated Righteously
|vi      = Mong Thiện Giả Thiện Báo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Den Gutmeinenden gut behandeln
|de_tl   = To Treat the Well-Meaning Well
|id      = Memperlakukan Niat Baik dengan Baik
|id_tl   = Treating a Good Intention Well
|pt      = Tratar Bem Aqueles Com Boas Intenções
|pt_tl   = To Treat Well Those with Good Intentions
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 2]]
[[pt-br:Tratar Bem Aqueles Com Boas Intenções]]