{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 5016
|image         = Archon Quest To Whence the Smoke Drifts.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = V
|act           = Beyond the Smoke and Mirrors
|actNum        = III
|part          = 2
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Capitano<!-- as "The Captain"-->; Chanca; Citlali; Coyopa (To Whence the Smoke Drifts); Kosterlitzky; Ororon; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = All Names are Noble
|next          = The Flickering Light Splits in Twain
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*1,000;Mora*44,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=To Whence the Smoke Drifts|chapter=5|act=3|part=2}}

==Steps==
# Investigate clues
# Follow [[Citlali]]
# Investigate the campsite up ahead
# Continue forward and investigate
# Split up and investigate
# Continue investigating the clues in the area
# Go to the campsite that Citlali found
# Defeat the opponents 
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Fatui Pyro Agent; Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard; Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard;Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer;Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer}}
# Confirm [[Ororon]]'s situation
# Go to the [[Speaker's Chamber]]
# Wait until 20:00 the next day
# Go to the agreed location
# Return to the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame|Stadium]]
# Go to the [[Weary Inn|inn]]
# Follow Citlali to a different spot

==Gameplay Notes==
* Leaving the search area before completing Step 6 will reset this quest to the very beginning.
* During Steps 2 through 6, the [[time]] cannot be changed.
* Completing Step 12 grants the {{Achievement|The General in His Labyrinth}}.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|The Sacrifice Not Offered}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Citlali comes as promised, but she also makes a request: she wants you to help her find her missing grandson, Ororon. You take this commission and set out alongside her.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location in [[Tequemecan Valley]])
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' This is the spot.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' An eyewitness claimed to have seen Ororon speaking to some [[Fatui]] soldiers here.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I don't know how much you're willing to believe me... but Ororon really is a good kid. I see no reason why he'd suddenly get involved with the Fatui.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm convinced that what the witnesses saw was actually the Fatui coercing him, or perhaps trying to extract information.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...However, I doubt anyone would believe me, given there are no signs of a fight.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Didn't [[Kinich]] say that she's a big name in [[Natlan]]? Feels kinda weird to see her so frustrated and helpless like this...)
:{{DIcon}} Could you tell us a little more about him?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ororon? Well... He was left at the side of the road as an infant and the people of the tribe took him in. You could say that everyone had a hand in raising him.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He learned a lot from us, and once he reached adulthood, he built himself a house out in the countryside. He spends most of his days growing vegetables and raising [[Phlogiston Aphid|Aphids]], living off of what he harvests from the garden.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' *sigh* He's always been such a good kid. He would even get his friend to deliver whole bags of fresh produce to my place.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (If that's all there is to him, then he really doesn't sound like a bad person.)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ah well, let's keep looking. He can answer all of our questions once we find him.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He's been raising phlogiston Aphids for a long time, and since they were disturbed, they secreted a special type of [[phlogiston]]. We can use that substance to track his movements.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's follow the phlogiston trail.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What trail? Paimon doesn't see anything...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ah, right, I forgot your eyes don't naturally perceive such things.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Here, give me your hand.
:;(Citlali transfers some power into both the Traveler and Paimon's hands)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' How about now?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you see?
:{{DIcon}} I can see the trail now.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Paimon can see it now, too!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's right, I used a spell to temporarily transfer a portion of my senses to you. For a short while, you'll be able to see the phlogiston, too.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you can even share your senses with us? First time Paimon's heard anything like that.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It requires a very rare spell that most people aren't adept at, but don't worry, it's a cinch for me. Between the two of you, it seems {{Traveler}}'s senses are a bit stronger than Paimon's.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' When I held your hand just now, I could sense that you've got a great affinity for phlogiston. You're extraordinarily gifted.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 1 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Anyway, we'll need to use our vision now to track down Ororon. Good luck, you two.

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Over here, this way! Hehe, Citlali might say a lot of deep and confusing stuff, but this spell of hers is really something.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What was that?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon was just complimenting you! Really!

;(Approach the next marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 02.ogg}} '''???:''' (What does she mean by "deep and confusing"? As far as elderly shamans go, I'd say that I'm already pretty easy to talk to... Is there any old hag who's as fluent in the language of the youth as me?)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 03b.ogg}}--> '''???:''' (Hmm, but is my way of speaking still not trendy enough? I've already tried my best to match their speech patterns. But, given the looks on their faces just now...)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 04.ogg}} '''???:''' (Or perhaps I'm still not fashionable enough? But that can't be, right? Ugh, don't tell me they're still getting the impression that I'm super old-fashioned...)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Huh?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I think I just heard a voice... Wait, but it wasn't with my ears... was it all in my mind?)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Was that... Citlali's voice?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Seems Paimon heard the same voice, but she also looks like she understood what's going on... Let me think... Ah! It must be a side effect of the spell she cast.)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 05.ogg}} '''???:''' (Now that I think about it, it's a good thing I found some helpers this time. Some things are best done with the help of friends.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So we can now hear her thoughts through telepathy? Wow, this is amazing! Something like this could only happen with Citlali!)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 06.ogg}} '''???:''' (Oh? They appear to be feeling quite confident. Looks like our work will go smoothly.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (You bet! Just leave it to us.)

;(Approach the campsite)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, looks like there's a new camp over there!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's go take a look.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 2 citlali 08.ogg}} '''???:''' (That little brat, I swear... I just hope he hasn't gotten himself into any real trouble.)

;(Approach the cooking pot)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Yep, judging from Paimon's experience as a guide, it definitely looks like people set up camp here.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wait... The phlogiston here is a bit odd.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let me see...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon sees a small shape here. Could it be... some sort of symbol?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' This is a distress signal for the [[Masters of the Night-Wind]]... Only someone from our tribe would recognize it. So, Ororon was indeed being threatened.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' We've got to find him, fast.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (Leaving such an inconspicuous mark implies that he was trying to be discreet. In other words... he was probably under the Fatui's watch.)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (If they notice us, we can just charge in and fight them to the death. But... But what if my darling grandson is also there? I can't have him caught in the crossfire...)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 3 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (Ugh, no, I've got to be careful, otherwise he'd get hit as well... Ahh, how annoying! No, no, I've got to keep it down, and stay composed...)
:;(The Traveler and Paimon exchange looks awkwardly)

;(Approach the next marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are traces of people staying here, too!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wait a second, the phlogiston around here is jumbled up...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I can also smell a mix of [[element]]s in the air. Pyro, Electro... and some other elements as well.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kinich told us that you were super amazing! No wonder you can sense so many more things than us!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (Hmph, it's about time that little brat said something nice about me.)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' These are signs of a struggle here.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Judging from what's left on the scene, there must have been a fight. But after that, the factions seem to have gone their separate ways. Both the phlogiston and the elemental traces in the air support that.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like Ororon found a chance to fight back.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you still remember the little mark we found before? Paimon's thinking, what if Ororon wanted to leave another distress signal, but was caught by the Fatui?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Citlali looks pretty worried...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Indeed, judging by the distress signal from before, Ororon was being held by the Fatui. So... given the difference in numbers, he probably wouldn't have been able to overpower them.)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Given there are two signals leading from here, we should split up as well.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'll take this direction, and leave the other one to you. Let's meet up again later.
:;(They split)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' (Ororon, what the heck were you doing!? It's one thing to trouble me, but now I had to bring other people into this as well! You little brat!)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And off she goes...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, did you hear all of that as well?
:{{DIcon}} Yep.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Once Citlali left, that voice went away as well... Paimon even tried calling her name inside Paimon's head, but there was no response.
:{{DIcon}} So the telepathy doesn't go both ways?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you were thinking the same thing! Paimon also thought that if we could hear what she was thinking, then she could probably also hear what we were thinking in our heads.
:{{DIcon}} I don't think Citlali noticed anything...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She did say that she was quite adept at this spell, and it doesn't sound like she's had any trouble with it in the past... Maybe we're a special case and can hear her thoughts as a side effect?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahaha, if you think about it, she's really got a lively inner world... It paints quite a different picture from Paimon's first impression of her!

;(Talk to Citlali, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog ntaq102 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmm, don't think there's anything here... How about we check out somewhere else?

;(Approach the next marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon sees some traces here! Let's follow them and see if we can find anything up ahead.

;(Approach the next marked location)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (There are traces of phlogiston here, but...)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you find something?
:{{DIcon}} I found some traces of phlogiston.
:{{DIcon}} But the trail completely ends here.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. So we can't tell where Ororon might have gone from here.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's weird! The phlogiston trail suddenly stops. We can't make anything of these footprints, either...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But he can't have just evaporated into thin air, right? We know he wasn't alone. He had all those Fatui with him...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Paimon's right. This is all extremely strange. Also...)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 6 olorun 01.ogg}} '''???:''' (...So, you can hear the sounds of the wind from beneath the earth.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Huh!? Whose voice was that just now...?)
:{{Color|menu|As you are trying to ascertain the owner of the voice, in an instant, you find yourself in the realm of the Lord of the Night...}}<!-- Black screen transition -->
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The [[Night Kingdom]]!? How did I get here?)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 01.ogg}} '''???:''' I'm very sorry, but please do not move. I have no desire to hurt you.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...!)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I apologize that our first meeting has to take place like this... It's just that, you're much like one of those animals with ears that perk up as soon as it senses danger in their environment.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 03.ogg}} '''???:''' And given your combat proficiency, I would not have been able to gain an advantage over you if we were anywhere else in the world. However, you're now in the Night Kingdom, a familiar domain to the Masters of the Night-Wind.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Hello, Traveler. I am Ororon, the one you've been searching for.
:{{DIcon}} ...But what does this mean? Have you escaped the Fatui's custody?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Ah... The Fatui's custody. I see, so even Granny has told you that I was coerced by the Fatui. I'm afraid you've been brought here by a lie, like a false omen in the lingering smoke.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' My friend and I only left those traces to lure you here. Deceiving you was never our true intent, however. It was simply... the fastest and most feasible way for us to set up a meeting.
:{{DIcon}} It's... [[Capitano|The Captain]]!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Greetings, Traveler from afar.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 07a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 07b.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Be careful with this Traveler. {{MC|m=His|f=Her}} soul is temporarily restrained by us and appears to have become more fragile in the process. It's taking all my concentration to hold onto {{MC|m=him|f=her}}.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' It was I who tasked Ororon with leaving the traces to lead you here, and I who used the Masters' ritual to bring your soul to the Night Kingdom.
:{{DIcon}} So, you are working together.
:{{DIcon}} What do you want?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 thecaptain 03.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I've heard much about you from the past encounters you've had with my colleagues. Given the present situation in Natlan, I would like to sincerely request a formal meeting with you... in person.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 thecaptain 04.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I will use the opportunity to explain my goals and motivations to you, as well as why I mistrust [[Mavuika]], the Pyro Archon. I believe there is little reason for you to blindly follow her plan.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 thecaptain 05.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' If you would like to hear our intel, then find us to the east of the Stadium. But remember, not a word of this to anyone. I would like to avoid any further conflict.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 7 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You will see me again once you return to reality. No matter what I say, please help me keep this a secret. This is all to avoid dragging Granny into this conflict.
:{{Color|menu|You return to reality, where Citlali and Paimon are facing you with worried expressions...}}<!-- black screen transition -->
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ...!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what happened just now!? You suddenly collapsed and stopped responding!
:{{DIcon}} Ah... I'm fine.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Was my soul forcibly removed from my body just now? That would explain why I couldn't hear Paimon at all.)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, why are you sitting on the ground? Are you okay?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq102 8 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Citlali! {{MC|m=He|f=She}} froze for a moment and then just collapsed to the ground...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Could it have been those leftover remnants from the Night Kingdom? Do you have any itches or pain anywhere?
:{{DIcon}} I'm fine, just a little lightheaded.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't worry, we can take a short break. Sorry, I know I asked for your help... but had I known you were feeling unwell, I wouldn't have taken you on this trip with me.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (If they were being truthful, then they must have reasonable motivations for what they did. But should I trust them?)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I could just share everything with Paimon and Citlali right now, but that'd mean giving up on the lead. I still haven't had much dealings with either the Fatui or the Masters of Night-Wind... I suppose I'll stay quiet for now, and see if I can find out anything else.)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you're feeling sick, you should just say so! Citlali should be able to, uh, exorcise any ghosts or weird stuff that you picked up in the Night Kingdom!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' A seasoned traveler must know the importance of not pushing yourself beyond your limit. If you need anything from me, just say the word.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, everyone. I'm feeling fine now.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' In any case, let's take a bit more time to rest now.
:{{Black Screen|Even though the situation remains quite urgent, you take a longer break with Paimon and Citlali.}}
:{{Black Screen|Ororon's words still echo in your mind. Meanwhile, Citlali continues to keep her eyes on you and even performs another checkup.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Tsk, need to be more careful next time...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Feeling better yet, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Alright, let's get ready.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I followed my phlogiston trail earlier to a stronghold guarded by soldiers. I have a feeling that Ororon is probably being held inside.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so it's close by? Then let's head over right away!
:{{DIcon}} I'm so sorry... I didn't realize I was holding you up...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, I recruited you to be my helper, which means we're in this together. Like the wind and the clouds, we either move as one or not at all.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 8 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...But if you want to make it up to me, then just be sure to fight extra hard when the time comes.

;(Approach the campsite)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Look over there.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, Paimon thinks she sees someone in the middle of the camp!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's Ororon. So he really was taken by the Fatui.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (So, that's Ororon... He does look the same as when I spoke to him in the Night Kingdom earlier.)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! We'll take the lead!
:;(A shadow falls over Ororon as [[Kosterlitzky]] looms over him)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 kosterlitzky 01.ogg}} '''Kosterlitzky:''' Hey! Quit daydreaming! Don't you have work to do?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...I cannot see the sun.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 kosterlitzky 02.ogg}} '''Kosterlitzky:''' What?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Without the sun, I cannot see the truth. You are currently blocking the light, so I must beseech you to move aside.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 kosterlitzky 03.ogg}} '''Kosterlitzky:''' Huh? Okay, Mr. Philosopher, that's enough mumbo-jumbo!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Wow... I'm going to rip that guy's head right off!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Citlali's struggling to control her temper now...)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph... Are you ready? Let's go kick their butts!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 9 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' On my count... Three, two, one!

;(After the cutscene)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 10 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Still trying to resist? You've got no idea who you're up against.

;(After defeating the Fatui)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ororon!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Granny!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Paimon knows she's called Granny Itztli, but it's still kinda weird hearing someone actually call her "Granny"...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 02b.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' And greetings to you... {{MC|m=Gramps.|f=other Granny.}}
:{{DIcon}} {{MC|m=Gramps|f=Granny}}!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 paimon 02a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq102 11 paimon 02b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What did you just call {{MC|m=him|f=her}}!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 03b.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' {{MC|m=Gramps.|f=Granny}} Is that not right? You're Granny's friend, are you not? You seem to be approximately the same age as her, so I figured {{MC|m=you've got to be "Gramps."|f=you're also a "Granny."}}
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' How many times have I told you? It doesn't work like that. There are a lot of people who look about the same age as me! You can't go around calling everyone "gramps" or "granny!"
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait wait wait, he's not a child, is he? Don't tell Paimon he's one of those people who look like an adult but are actually only eight or nine years old!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Your words have pierced my heart like a thorned vine. Given how hard those thorns are to remove, I may just need to find a pair of tweezers...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you so upset? You can just say yes or no!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Of course I'm not a child. It's just, Granny always taught me to show gratitude where it's due. And since the Masters of the Night-Wind raised me collectively, I basically see everyone above a certain age as an elder I should look up to.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The way he talks has definitely changed, but it doesn't feel like he's putting on an act. He asked me to do whatever I could to help keep things a secret, and even said it'd be for Citlali's sake...)
:{{DIcon}} So you treat everyone like they're your Uncles and Aunties?
:{{DIcon}} So you treat everyone like they're your Gramps and Grannies?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Exactly.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, but if you keep that up, then everyone's going to be your senior...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And do you think saying all of this is gonna save you from a scolding, Ororon?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Haven't I told you a hundred times since you were a kid? Heed the three warnings!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Be wary of beasts prowling around, scammers looking for their next victim, and strange people who appear out of nowhere.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, so you do remember, and you just chose to ignore them! I always knew that living on your own was going to get you into trouble sooner or later, but getting kidnapped? That really takes the cake!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You won't always be able to rely on other people coming to your rescue, you know! You're just lucky we got here when we did, or we might be launching another search-and-rescue operation to find out where they put your severed head.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm sorry, Granny. I'll be more careful next time.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Next time!? Ohoho, good one! You think there'll be a next time after this!? Not a chance!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph... They didn't hurt you, did they?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 11.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' No, they just asked me a lot of questions about Natlan's terrain and made me draw a map of the [[Ley Line]] distribution.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Okay, now answer me honestly... Were you the one who helped The Captain escape after his battle with the Pyro Archon?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 12.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Yes.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' So why did you do it?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 13.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Because...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 14.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Because they said they would need my help from there on out. They also said that if I refused, they'd just come to you, Granny, and they'd already figured out a way to make you do their bidding.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey! I'm no ordinary granny! Would they really dare to come after me? And you! Did the gods give you a brain just for you not to use it? Did you really believe everything they said at face value, and not stop to think?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Thankfully, the Pyro Archon only asked that we find the "mysterious individual from the Masters of the Night-Wind," and didn't slap your name on a wanted poster. Don't think for a second that she doesn't know what's happening.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' "Even if the truth that you see will soon manifest into reality, there is still no need to preemptively panic." Have you forgotten the words that I've taught you?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 15.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Hmph. Forget it.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' We can submit the details of this camp and the defeated Fatui as evidence of your innocence.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's clean this place up and get back to the city. Ororon, you better remember this lesson well and seriously reflect on your actions. Also, once we return to the city, come to the Speaker's Chamber with me. I'll need you to explain everything.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 16.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Sounds good. Should I bring some of my homegrown vegetables as well?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your... vegetables?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 17.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Yes. I grow a lot of fresh produce in my garden. I hope the Pyro Archon won't be too picky about the selection.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ugh, now's not the time to be thinking about that. If you do come face to face with the Pyro Archon, the first thing you should do is...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 18.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Recite the three warnings.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh!? No, you should emphasize that you were not in cahoots with the Fatui!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How exactly did the Masters raise this guy...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 11 olorun 19.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Oh... right.
----
;(Approach the Speaker's Chamber)
:{{Black Screen|You return to the city and Citlali brings you to the Speaker's Chamber, where you recount everything that has happened to Ororon.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 coyopa 01.ogg}} '''Coyopa:''' ...I see. So Ororon came to The Captain's rescue because he promised to help him in exchange for Citlali's safety.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' That's right. I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Now that you know Ororon was only trying to protect another member of his tribe, could I ask you to petition the Pyro Archon for her forgiveness?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 coyopa 02.ogg}} '''Coyopa:''' We will give her a full report. We'll let you know once she has reached a decision.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Will I need to stay here?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 coyopa 03.ogg}} '''Coyopa:''' Technically, yes. But if Ms. Citlali is willing to serve as your guarantor, then we can release you from custody.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Sure, I'd be happy to do that. I don't have any more time to waste here &mdash; I still have other things to do.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 coyopa 04.ogg}} '''Coyopa:''' Understood, thank you very much. Mr. Ororon, please report back to the Speaker's Chamber as soon as you've received notice of the Archon's decision.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I understand. Thank you. And thank you too, Granny.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew! Well, at least you won't need to hide your face anymore.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon, thank you very much for your help. And don't worry, I haven't forgotten about my side of the deal.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Once Ororon is settled, I'll go talk to [[Xilonen]] and get started on forging an [[Ancient Name]] for you.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, thank you!
:{{DIcon}} I'll be counting on you.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You scratch my back, I scratch yours. It's as good as done &mdash; you can just go twiddle your thumbs or something while you wait for the good news. Bye for now.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Come with me, Ororon. We've got to find you a place to stay for the night.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 olorun 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq102 12 olorun 04b.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Goodbye, {{MC|m=Gramps|f=Granny}}.
:{{DIcon}} This new grandson of mine is way too polite.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (That look on his face... He's probably trying to remind me about my promise.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (He doesn't strike me as a liar... Had I not seen everything for myself, I'd have never guessed that he could have done so much work behind Citlali's back. What does he really want...?)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew! We're finally done! Alright, it's time to find some grub...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, there's something I need to tell you.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What is it, {{Traveler}}?
:{{Black Screen|You pull Paimon aside and tell her everything that you saw earlier when you collapsed.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaaat!? The Captain!?
:{{DIcon}} Keep your voice down!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ahh, sorry! P&mdash;Paimon just didn't see that coming! So, you really saw him in the Night Kingdom? And he didn't attack you?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, that Ororon... What is he up to? He sounded earnest enough just now, Paimon would've never guessed anything was happening!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All that stuff about protecting Citlali and being forced to help the Fatui... When he's actually been a willing accomplice all along!
:{{DIcon}} I'm still not completely sure.
:{{DIcon}} We still need more information.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Still, Paimon appreciates you telling her about this! Paimon will support your choice no matter what, so if you wanna go, we can go together.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 12 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We still have another whole day before the meeting, so we'll just meet with them when the time comes.
{{Dialogue End}}
----
{{Quest Description|update|You successfully find Ororon, but the situation seems complicated. Ororon is hiding something. To get to the bottom of this, you agree to meet him alone...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location after passing time)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Weird, Paimon doesn't see anyone... Ohh, please don't let this be a trap!
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' ...!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek!!! What's that!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Good evening. Nice to see you again.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's you! You shouldn't pop up from behind people like that! What're you, a ghost!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm terribly sorry. It's just... a force of habit.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, and what's with you apologizing all the time? You sound so polite and honest but you're actually doing shady stuff behind people's backs!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You're right, Granny tells me that too. Huh, come to think of it, you remind me of her... Sometimes you two sound really similar, you know.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you're gonna call Paimon granny too, now?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Well... I could.
:{{DIcon}} So what's the purpose of this meeting?
:{{DIcon}} Let's get straight to the point.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:;(Ororon surveys the area)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 06.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' It's all clear. Over to you.
:;(The Captain walks out)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 01.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Excellent. The fact that you showed up proves that I was right about your character.
:{{DIcon}} I'm only interested in the intel.
:{{DIcon}} I don't really care how the Fatui thinks of me.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 02.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Yet, there's been a lot of talk about you. [[Tartaglia|Childe]] told me that you're passionate about the unknown and willing to take risks. Rather than facing you as an enemy, I would much prefer to bring you to my side.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 03.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' If we allow the current state of things to continue, we will inevitably clash, and that's a scenario that I'd very much like to avoid.
:{{DIcon}} Why?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 04.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I've long heard of your exploits across the nations. Though you have crossed swords with my colleagues many times, I know that you're by no means an unreasonable person.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 05.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' And once you've learned the truth that the Pyro Archon, Mavuika, would never willingly share with you, you may just find it in your heart to consider my proposal.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I assume you've already been informed of the Pyro Archon's plan. In order to defeat the [[Abyss]] and save Natlan, she still needs two more [[Heroes of Natlan|heroes]] to appear.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, how did you know that!? Uh, never mind, guess that's not important now...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 06.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I've long kept a close eye on her plan. To be frank, it's an exceedingly risky plan. Will the heroes really appear? And even if they come to her, will their power be enough to drive the Abyss back?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 07.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' If any part of the plan goes awry, all of Natlan &mdash; even all of [[Teyvat]], will pay for her mistakes.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 08.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Now, you may have been led to believe that this is the only plan available to her. But what if I told you she's had another emergency plan all along, the details of which she has chosen to keep hidden from you?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An emergency plan...?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 09.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Yes, a way to keep Natlan intact even if her original plan fails. But given the painful cost of its execution, she has chosen to keep it as a mere backup plan.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 10.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Whether this stems from hesitation, fear, or even naivete, I cannot say. But Natlan cannot afford to wait until she comes to her senses.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 11.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' My fear is that given the enormity of the decision, she will be reluctant to confront the dire reality we face until it is too late. There will be no time left to execute the backup plan, and all of Natlan will be lost to the Abyss.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 12.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' We have to make the decision for her, here and now.
:{{DIcon}} That's just your speculation.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, do you have any evidence for all of this? Just telling us a bunch of scary stuff isn't enough, you know!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Besides, wasn't it you who tried to seize the [[Gnosis]] for the [[Tsaritsa]]'s plan?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Wait, by seizing the Gnosis and "making the decision for her," could he mean that...)
:{{DIcon}} The Gnosis has something to do with this "backup plan"?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 13.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' I knew you'd be clever enough to see. That's right &mdash; I did not seek to seize the Gnosis for the Tsaritsa.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 14.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' Since I was defeated in battle, I must put to rest my thoughts about the Gnosis. But even so, my desire to save Natlan remains unchanged.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 15.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' And now, I have found a new way to solve the crisis. We can implement it immediately if we reach an agreement...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 thecaptain 16.ogg}} '''"The Captain":''' ...Hmph.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Someone's here!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? The Captain disappeared!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Something's rapidly approaching... Oh, no!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' "Something"!? Bad news, chump &mdash; it's your Granny!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 10.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Oof!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Citlali! Wh&mdash;When did you get here?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph, I knew something was amiss after we were separated. Hidden ceremonial tools, and an unconscious Traveler... I must say, I'm very curious about what you're up to!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' How dare you go behind our backs like this, Ororon! Colluding with the Fatui? Really?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 11.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, here we go again &mdash; cat got your tongue, huh? You really think you can avoid a scolding just by staying quiet?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 12.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm not trying to avoid anything.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oho, and now you're talking back! Well, go on then, explain yourself. What the heck are you up to!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 olorun 13.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm sorry, Granny... I feel so guilty...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You...! That's it, where are my tools!? I swear, if I don't teach you a lesson right here and now, I'll...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah wait, Citlali! Please calm down! We still learned a lot of info, didn't we? Like the fact that The Captain isn't trying to seize the Gnosis anymore!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So maybe just save the scolding for later, okay?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, this is no place to discipline a child.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 07a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 07b.ogg}}--> '''Citlali:''' Listen well, Ororon. You're only getting out of this now because of the Traveler's plea. This isn't over, you hear me?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 14 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' *sigh* You're right, {{Traveler}}. Let's go. We can discuss this more back in the city. You two keep an eye on Ororon for me, okay?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Our conversation with The Captain was interrupted at the most crucial moment. But if Ororon's still here, maybe we can still learn the rest from him.)

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ugh! In all my years... seriously, this child. Is the situation not perfectly clear? You've got a head on your shoulders, Ororon! Use it!<ref group="Note">Actual spoken voice line: "Ugh! In all my years... I've never had a child cause me so much grief! Do you seriously not see what's at stake here? You've got a head on your shoulders, Ororon! Use it!"</ref>
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Why did you help The Captain? And I want the truth this time!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 01.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hah, no answer? Think you're being smart? Then let me ask a different question. What does The Captain want? What is his purpose in Natlan?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 02.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Really? You're just going to stonewall me!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 03.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Looks like Ororon has no intention of answering her...)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Just use your brain for a second. What do you possibly stand to gain by helping The Captain? Only endless trouble awaits you and everyone in the tribe.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You've always been a good kid, why would you throw that all away now? If you're worried about something, just talk to me. Granny would much rather we had a conversation instead of constantly clashing like this.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 04.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Why is he staring at us all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 05.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' ...I'm sorry that you have to hear all this.
:{{DIcon}} Ahaha... It's fine.
::{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 06a 1.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' You are very kind. Most people would have fled by now. Not everyone can handle Granny's scolding.
:{{DIcon}} Well, it's definitely a little awkward...
::{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 06b 1.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Indeed. It's like going to visit a friend at his house, only to suddenly hear your friend berating a naughty [[Saurian]]...
::{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's... an oddly specific analogy! Wait, did one of your friends really do that?
::{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 06b 2.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Yes. And every time my friend scolded his Saurians, they would look at me the same way you're looking at me now &mdash; helpless and embarrassed.
::{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 02b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, but you're the one getting your head chewed off! Stop making this about us!
::{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 06b 3.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' Indeed, you've got a point. Then please just hang in there for a little while longer. Granny should be done with her scolding session soon.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh? You dare gossip between yourselves instead of listening to me!? You...!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, sorry! Sorry, Granny...!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph... "sorry, Granny"... Hehe... hahaha, "sorry, Granny"! You know what, fine! I'm perfectly aware that everything I say goes in one ear and out the other. You're all grown up now, so why would you listen to an old hag like me?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You say all the right things, but then you go and completely ignore me. Well, if that's how you're going to treat me, you can stop sending [[Ifa]] over to my place to deliver your stupid vegetables. I don't need anything from you.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who's Ifa? A delivery person?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' That's irrelevant! The point is, he hangs out with this kid, so he must be no good. Tsk, you kids get to a certain age and suddenly act like you know it all... There's nothing I can say to get through to you.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Ororon, if you're still thinking about that so-called "duty," then please, just forget about it. The Ley Lines did not fall to this state because of you, and we've long closed the book on that incident.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, seems they've started talking about some kind of tribal history? Paimon's starting to get lost...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 07.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' That's not it, Granny.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Huh? There's something off about that voice...)
:;(Ororon's voice seems to get further and further away)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 08.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I know you tend to get down on yourself when you're upset, but I can tell I've really hurt you this time. All I can say is, I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' His voice... Ororon!? Where have you gone?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It sounds like he's somewhere super far away, but isn't he right here in front of us...?
:;(Ororon is suddenly in the distance)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 olorun 09.ogg}} '''Ororon:''' I'm really sorry. It's up to all of us to do everything we can to save Natlan, so I've got to go.
:;(Ororon runs away)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Get back here this instant! Ororon... Ugh, what is this? Powder from plant spores? Is that the trick he used?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What just happened? How was he able to suddenly get so far away like that?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's a trick of his! If you grind spores into a powder and spray it in the air, it can be manipulated to create an illusion...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He pulled it off flawlessly, he must have put a lot of time into perfecting it. Don't tell me that's how he's been hunting in the fields these days... Couldn't he have picked up something more useful!?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ugh, little brat! That's it! The next time we meet, I'm definitely going to break his legs!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that's a little extreme... But still, why does he feel like he needs to run from us? If his goal is also to protect Natlan, then can't we work together?
:{{DIcon}} He still doesn't want to tell us anything about his goals.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm sorry for interrupting your conversation with them earlier. But even if you'd been able to hear them out, there's no guarantee you would have gained anything substantial.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ororon probably did everything he could to get away because he knew I'd get the truth out of him sooner or later. That brat, I swear...
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (The Captain probably has some sort of substantial plan. Otherwise, Ororon would have no reason to keep following him.)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Meeting again is out of the cards for now, so it might be faster to just approach the Pyro Archon and confirm what The Captain said. And also...)
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (I can tell that Ororon's stubbornness has hurt Citlali deeply. I need to find a way to comfort her.)
:{{DIcon}} What was all that about Ororon's "duty" earlier?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 15 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' We've got quite a long walk back to the city... let's take our time. It'll give me a moment to figure out how to explain all this.

;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 16 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Do you two have some time? Feeling hungry? How about we get something to eat?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right! It's been a while since we last ate... Now that we can relax, Paimon just realized how hungry she is!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 16 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Then let's go. We can find somewhere to sit down and talk. Food and drinks are on me.
:{{DIcon}} It's okay, we can cover our own bill...
::{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Really? You're not gonna take her offer?
::{{DIcon}} ...
::{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 02a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Ah, that's right... Citlali has gotten a lot quieter since Ororon ran away. She seems to be having a hard time...)
::{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 02a 3a.ogg}} {{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 02a 3b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{MC|m=He|f=She}}'s right! We're seasoned adventurers, so we're more than capable of paying our own bill!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's got a secret food fund, so she can do the honors.
::{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? How did this become Paimon's bill?
::{{DIcon}} ...
::{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 02b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Aww... Citlali looks quite down on herself.)
::{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 02b 3.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, alright, it's on Paimon this time! What's one meal to the best guide in Teyvat?
::{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 02b 4.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you can just sit back and enjoy, Citlali! Paimon will take care of it!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 16 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hey, come on now? You won't even let me take you out for some food and drinks? *sigh* I just wanted to treat you to a meal...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure? We can save you some Mora...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 16 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hah, Mora is the least of my concerns. Besides, we're definitely due a meal after all the time we've spent together. Let me get this one &mdash; I might be an old hag, but I like to think I'm not completely useless.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 16 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure, that's fine with us, but... Paimon doesn't want you to be sad, Citlali.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 16 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Haha, don't worry. I'm sure a juicy grilled steak will work wonders.

;(Enter the Weary Inn)
:{{Black Screen|The three of you walk into a tavern and find a quiet spot to sit.}}
:{{Black Screen|You and Paimon order some food and fruit juice while Citlali begins chugging down bottle after bottle of wine.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hm? What are you looking at?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Do you see two people standing by the door? They look like spitting images of each other. Are they twins?
:;(Citlali's highly blurred point of view is briefly shown)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon only sees one person there.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh? How could that be... Eh, guess my mind isn't as sharp as it used to be. Get me another bottle, Boss!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, do you think she's drunk?
:{{DIcon}} I'd be surprised if she wasn't...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 chanca 01.ogg}} '''Chanca:''' There you go, Miss! Oh my, it's not every day you see Granny Itztli here with some friends... Not to mention ones who've made a huge name for themselves recently!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? So you've heard of us? Ehehe...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 chanca 02.ogg}} '''Chanca:''' Of course I have. Aren't you the ones who saved Kachina and brought her back? No wonder you hit it off with Granny Citlali &mdash; she wouldn't spend time with just anybody, you know. *sigh* I don't even remember the last time I saw her with a new friend...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so you call her "Granny," too?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 chanca 03.ogg}} '''Chanca:''' Well, given our ages, it'd probably be more accurate for me to call her my great-great-granny, haha. She's one of the most famous people at the Masters of the Night-Wind &mdash; most days, hardly anyone even dares to talk to her!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh? Gossiping about me right in my face now, are you, [[Chanca]]?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 chanca 04.ogg}} '''Chanca:''' Please, Granny, I wouldn't dare! I'm just beyond happy to see you bring over some new friends. After all, any friends of our regulars are sure to be great customers, too.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Alright, that's enough. Go on, now, I'm sure other customers would like to talk to you as well. There's no need to keep staring at me &mdash; I promise I'll keep my alcohol down until I leave.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 chanca 05.ogg}} '''Chanca:''' Ahahaha. Well then, you have my thanks.
:{{Black Screen|After Chanca leaves, Citlali downs a few more glasses and begins to stare blankly into space from her chair.}}
:{{Black Screen|You start wondering whether she's actually drunk, or working through some complex problem in her head.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Citlali? Citlali!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ugh... Who's that? Hmph, you got some gall calling me by my first name! *hic* Lemme guess &mdash; you wanna test your skills against Granny Itztli, don't ya?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, are you still with us, Citlali? You're kinda talking to no one...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph! You chumps come around here, picking fights with me... Well, you know what happens next? You lose, and then run off home to tell everyone about how I'M this big scary bully... It's always the same story. You brats start it, I finish it, and then I end up with the reputation of being some kind of terrible monster among the shamans...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I mean, c'mon! Monster, me? Really? What did I do to deserve that?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Granny Citlali, you're not a monster at all!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Exactly! And while we're at it, I'm not some lazy slacker, either! Between meditation, advising the chief, and speaking with the [[Wayob]], I actually have a pretty packed schedule, y'know...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...*hic*! Oh yeah, AND I have to mentor after all the new kids! Hey, new kid! Yeah, you!
:{{DIcon}} Who? Me?
:{{DIcon}} Guess I'm a "new kid"?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Don't play dumb! Didn't I teach you how to find phlogiston? You see, I know my stuff! I'm a good teacher, you tell 'em!
:{{DIcon}} Absolutely!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for all your teachings, ma'am!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph, that's more like it. 'Bout dang time someone showed me a little respect! Yeah, Granny's a hard worker alright... You can always rely on old Granny... *hic*...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Zzz... Zzz...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did she just fall asleep with her eyes open? Oh geez...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Behind this pitch-black curtain, a chapter of hatred reveals itself. Behind the smoke, the lingering smoke...
:;(Chanca approaches)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 chanca 06.ogg}} '''Chanca:''' Ah, she's meditating again! She does this whenever she's had a few too many drinks. Her mind's actually racing at this point &mdash; it's quite the opposite of sleep!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this another specialty of the Masters of the Night-Wind?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 chanca 07.ogg}} '''Chanca:''' No, I'd say it's an ability that's unique to Citlali herself. While she can easily pick up everyone else's skills and tricks, few have been able to master hers.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Warning... Warning... Red, the red color of danger... has now arisen within that pair of eyes...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Huh!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Waaaaaah!
:{{DIcon}} Are you awake?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' {{Traveler}}, Paimon...? I...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I... I'm gonna hurl... Ughhh...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 chanca 08.ogg}} '''Chanca:''' Hang on! Just keep it in!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Phew... Okay, it's passed. That was a close one.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You had Paimon worried! Paimon really thought you were about to barf all over the table just now!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ugh, how embarrassing... I'm sorry you had to see me like that. It's never happened before, I swear... I've never thrown up. Not once.
:{{DIcon}} (We didn't ask about before...!)
:;(Chanca, Paimon, and the Traveler nod at each other, and Chanca leaves)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you feeling okay? Wanna take a quick walk and get some fresh air?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' There's so much that I want to say, but... I can't.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why not? Of course you can, just say whatever's on your mind.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 24.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Please, Paimon, it's not as simple as you think... We've only known each other for a few days, right? What would you think of me if I were to start dumping all my complaints on you after we've only just met?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it! You're hoping that we wouldn't think less of you no matter what you're about to say!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 25.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ah? No, that wasn't my point at all! Seriously, don't you youngsters know anything about shame? I'm talking about shame! I've lived all these years and still can't get rid of it... Surely, you know the feeling, too?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Actually... About that...
:{{DIcon}} Should we just tell her?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 26.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Huh? Tell me what?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, this is as good a time as any.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, Citlali...
::{{DIcon}} Listen carefully, and try not to get too upset...
:{{Black Screen|You describe the events that took place during Ororon's rescue as objectively, fairly, and impartially as possible.}}
:{{Black Screen|Citlali shared some of her senses with you through a spell, allowing you to temporarily hear her thoughts.}}
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 27.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 28.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' So you heard... you heard my...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's okay, Citlali! You had every right to complain about those things!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 29.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I can't take it anymore! Why do these things happen to me?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 30.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hearing me mumble under my breath is one thing, but hearing what I mumble in my own head? That's too much...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 31.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's just like when you're rolling on the floor in your pajamas, but you forget to lock the door, and someone bursts in to deliver cabbages and sees the whole thing...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So that, uh... happens to you a lot?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 32.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...It happens to people in general, okay!? Doesn't matter if you're two hundred years old or a thousand years old... Everyone rolls around in their pajamas sometimes! I was just picking something... generic...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 33.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Are you okay? You look dejected.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 citlali 34.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Take a walk with me. I have things to share with you.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 17 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Looks like she's completely given up... like those criminals who just confess everything and accept their fate...
:{{DIcon}} We should follow her, just to make sure she doesn't do anything stupid...

;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 01.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well? Great view, right? I love coming here by myself.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it's beautiful!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for bringing us here.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 02.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Haha, you're making me want to cry...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no, what do we do? Please don't cry!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 03.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It was an expression, okay? A figure of speech! I'm just... embarrassed. Here you are thanking me, even after you helped me all this time...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 04.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Let's just have a casual conversation. It's easiest that way.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? You don't seem like the kind of person who keeps things "casual"...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 05.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Well, I guess I used to be more of a stickler for the rules.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 06.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' And you're right... I don't usually open up to the people of my tribe like this.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 07.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I'm just an eccentric old hag to them. That story's been passed down so long, it might as well be true.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, you're just a regular person!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 08.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Haha, the kids of my tribe would have a heart attack if they heard you say that... "Granny Itztli is a powerful figure. Be careful around her!" &mdash; that's what they'd say.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you ARE powerful. Are they afraid of you?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 09.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Some are... Others are mad I always come out on top. A few decades like that, and people stop knowing how to deal with you.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 10.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' What about you? Are you scared of me?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We don't find you scary at all...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon's right.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 11.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Hmph... That's because you're not from my tribe. You don't know how many delusions of grandeur I've destroyed just by existing!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 12.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I make people realize that, no matter how hard they work, they'll never become a living legend like me.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 13.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Oh, uh... Not to brag or anything! Maybe it's hard to believe. Just... just pretend I never said anything.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We believe you! Xilonen has full faith in your abilities, and Ororon didn't seem scared of you. He thinks of you as his "Granny," right?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 14.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Yes, but Ororon's a special case.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 15.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Mavuika already told you about her plan, and you've given so much help to Ororon and me... You deserved to learn the full truth.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 16.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Ororon's... not like other people. As I mentioned, he was abandoned as a child...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 17.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The reason being, his soul is incomplete. The Masters of the Night-Wind view this as a bad omen, capable of bringing about illness and misfortune.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 18.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' No one knows who his parents were. He was just left on a rock in the wilderness. It's a miracle he wasn't devoured by some wild beast.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 19.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The Masters of the Night-Wind believe they can see human souls, and in Ororon's fragmented<ref group="Note">Actual spoken voice line: "The Masters of the Night-Wind believe they can see human souls, and in Ororon's {{Highlight|incomplete}} soul, they saw a possibility for Natlan..."</ref> soul, they saw a possibility for Natlan...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 20.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' A possibility... to turn Ororon into a vessel for lost souls.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 21.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The ceremony would allow lost souls to gather within him. Ororon would then be sent to the Night Kingdom to return the souls to their rightful place, strengthening the Ley Lines and completing the ceremony.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, that doesn't sound right!
:{{DIcon}} Sending a living person to the Night Kingdom...
:{{DIcon}} Wouldn't that just kill him?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 22.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Now, you see the problem.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 23.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' When damage occurs to the Night Kingdom, the souls held within disperse and remain adrift, unable to find a way back to the Ley Lines. This loss of souls damages the Night Kingdom even further.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 24.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The ceremony can send back countless souls at once, which would benefit the Night Kingdom and the souls themselves. Of course, the vessel, Ororon, would be sacrificed in the process.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 25.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' I wasn't surprised the chief at the time came up with the plan. The Ley Lines were already in a terrible state. A suitable candidate for the ceremony appears, and now you have the chance to make things better... Of course you're going to take it.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 26.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' When the chief asked for my opinion, I didn't give my approval, but I didn't object, either. So, they went ahead with the ceremony... It failed, and Ororon escaped with his life.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 27.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' ...Pathetic, isn't it? By not objecting, I basically gave them the go ahead. Maybe they didn't have my explicit approval, but it's not like I did the right thing. If the ceremony was successful, Ororon would probably be dead.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 28.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Of course, in my tribe, death is rarely something to fear, but what kind of message would we be sending by sentencing a newborn to death? By using a human life as a tool?
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 29.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' It's not right! So, when I learned the ceremony had failed, I was ashamed by my inaction and absolutely relieved by the result.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 30.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' The plan was never a secret. Or, I guess I should say... there was no point to keeping it a secret. A simple investigation from Ororon would reveal everything.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 31.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Everyone thought he would be happy he survived, and he never really said anything to the contrary. But, just as I was about to put all of it behind me...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 32.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He asks this question &mdash; "Would Natlan have been saved if the ceremony succeeded?"
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, but... It's not his fault!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 33.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' He knows that, but he still feels guilty. Ororon has a strong ability to perceive souls. More than any of us, he understands just how dire the situation with Ley Lines has become.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 34.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Maybe he chose to work with the Fatui because he still thinks he owes a debt to Natlan. I can only imagine what they told him...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, didn't The Captain say he found a way to solve the crisis? Maybe that's what brought Ororon into this...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, we can't just let things go on like this... We have to convince him to come back!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, that should be our next step.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh, you don't look so good, Citlali... Maybe you should head back and get some sleep.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 35.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Probably drank too much... It's okay, the fresh air is doing me good...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 36.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' *retch* Okay forget that, I need to go home. I hit it a little too hard...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry. You don't have to do any of this alone!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 37.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' You've helped me so much already. How do I even begin to thank you...
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, we're friends, aren't we? Besides, you already said you owe us a favor. So, you don't need to worry about us!
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 38.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' Good point... Well, I'll go home and get some sleep. We can figure out our next move in the morning.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 citlali 39.ogg}} '''Citlali:''' "Friends"... Haha, I like the sound of that.
:;(Citlali leaves)
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ororon's probably back with The Captain, don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah. We should tell the Pyro Archon what we learned.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean about the "backup plan"? Do you really believe what The Captain told us?
:{{DIcon}} She needs to know regardless.
:{{DIcon}} We should just be upfront with her.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you're right. We should just go to her directly.
:{{A|vo ntaq102 18 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, she's probably asleep. We can find her first thing in the morning. For now, let's... *yawn*... go to bed.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = To Whence the Smoke Drifts
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = Xingzhe Myn Piowng zh Ch
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = Xingzhe Myn Piowng zh Ch
|zh_tl    = To the Place Where the Smoke Drifts to
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = Meien no Mukau Basho he
|ja_tl    = To the Place Where the Smoke Drifts to
|ko       =   
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Hacia donde flota el humo
|es_tl    = To Where the Smoke Floats
|fr       = D'o vient la fume
|fr_tl    = Where the Smoke Comes From
|ru       =   
|ru_tl    = Where the Smoke Departs to
|th       = 
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Cun Theo Ln Khi
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wohin der Rauch zieht
|de_tl    = Where the Smoke Drifts To
|id       = Ketika Kepulan Asap Melayang-Layang
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Para Onde a Fumaa Vai
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Dumann Ykseldii Yere
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Da dove il fumo si leva
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter V}}