{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14010
|image         = Story Quest To Yesterday.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Animula Choragi Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = "The Little Oceanid"
|character     = Furina
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Quartier Lyonnais]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = 
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|requirement   = 
* Complete ''[[Masquerade of the Guilty]]''
* Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40
* Spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|next          = Whither Should the Water Flow?
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*525;Mora*38,100;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*8
|characters    = Buraud; Dulphy; Elain; Furina; Katheryne (Fontaine); Lauwick; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''To Yesterday''''' is the first part of {{Quest|"The Little Oceanid"|.}}

==Steps==
# Go to the Court of Fontaine's Adventurers' Guild
# Ask about Furina's disposition
# Go back and pass on the word about Furina's views
# Go to the [[rehearsal location]]
# Enter the rehearsal location

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|One day, you and Paimon arrive at the Adventurers' Guild to check out the commissions there...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the Adventurers' Guild in Fontaine)
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Katheryne, it's us! Got any new commissions? Specifically, one with a huge Mora tag, perhaps...?
:{{DIcon}} You didn't have to be so direct...
::{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 02a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh, Paimon's just being enthusiastic. We're old friends now, she gets it!
:{{DIcon}} The more lucrative, the better!
::{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 02b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know we're worth it! For quality work and speedy results, choose the Paimon and the Traveler!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe, it's always a pleasure to see our two most avid adventurers again. Looking for the next challenge, I see.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Actually, we do in fact have a rather urgent commission that is still open. Having read the details, however, I don't believe you'd consider it to be "lucrative"...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, don't worry about that. We were just kidding. So what's the situation?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' To put it simply, the requester is looking for a temporary replacement actress for their musical. The original cast member ran into some issues, and is currently unable to perform the role.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' But the troupe has also been experiencing some financial difficulties, so unfortunately they cannot afford to pay the replacement actress...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... That does sound like a tricky situation. So basically, they're looking for a volunteer?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' That's right. Our adventurers reached out to many actresses, but none of them were willing to take the job.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' There are only a few days left until the performance. If they can't find someone in time, they'll probably have to postpone the show. And delays tend to create all sorts of new problems...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it... Oh... This one's a doozy. What do you think, {{Traveler}}? Any ideas?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even if we took the commission, neither of us have any experience starring in musicals...
:{{DIcon}} Very true...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hmm... If you're interested in helping, why not start by having a chat with the requester? He's right over there.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 08.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Maybe you can't fill the role yourselves, but you might be able to help him figure out another solution. Maybe there's something he hasn't thought of.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, it's that guy, huh? No wonder he looks like he just ate a sour lemon.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:{{DIcon}} We'll go talk to him.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon approves. Let's go!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello there! Are you the guy looking for a new actress?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 01.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Wait... I know you two! Are you really willing to act in my musical!?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, sounds like we're pretty famous in Fontaine already! Heehee.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... But to answer your question, neither of us have any experience in musicals... But we heard that you're in a bit of a bind, so we figured we could at least try to help you think of a solution.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 02.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Ah, I see... It's okay, I knew that asking for a volunteer was a long shot.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 03.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' If we can't find someone to step in, we'll have no choice but to cancel the show... It would be such a shame.
:{{DIcon}} Can't you cover the budget for a new actress with ticket fees?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 04.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' *sigh* That's the thing... We're not some high-profile theater troupe. Just a group of amateur enthusiasts.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 05.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' All our sets and props are very crude. We're grateful enough just to get an audience, never mind ticket fees.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 06.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' If we had a way to make this profitable, things might've turned out differently... But now it looks inevitable that we'll disband.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Disband? You're splitting up the troupe?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 07.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Oh, I guess the lady at the Adventurers' Guild didn't tell you? Yeah... This is supposed to be our final show together as a troupe.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 08.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' One last show, and after that, we go our separate ways. So we were really hoping to end on a high note.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 09.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Nobody wants things to just... fizzle out. Not after all the time and effort we've invested into it.
:{{DIcon}} Katheryne mentioned that one of your actresses can't make it?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 10.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Yeah... the leading lady, in fact. She's been dealing with a chronic illness ever since childhood, and unfortunately it flared up again recently. It really drains all her energy, so she's in no state to perform.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 11.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' The show just won't be the same without her... But for everyone else's sake, I still hope we can find a way to hold the performance on schedule.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got it. We have a clearer picture now... Um... Let's see if we can come up with any ideas.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... What if we sponsored the show? Um... Traveler, how much Mora are you carrying?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 12.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Ah, please, there's no need to go that far. I wouldn't feel right asking such a huge favor, and I can't promise that we'd ever be able to pay you back.
:{{DIcon}} Mora isn't the biggest problem...
:{{DIcon}} How do we find someone who's a good fit for the role?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, good point. If the actress just goes through the motions for the Mora, that's not exactly rescuing the show.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should find someone who'll put on the best performance possible. Hmm... Ooh, wait! What about you-know-who...?
:{{DIcon}} Great minds think alike. I was just thinking that.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha, that's how you know we're the best of partners! Anyway, she should have all the free time in the world right now.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's really good at performing, and she was once super popular with the crowd... performing in a musical should be a piece of cake for her!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 13.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Who are you thinking of? Sounds like someone famous...?
:{{DIcon}} Furina.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 14.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Her!? You're... That was a joke, right?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Nope. Paimon doesn't actually know if she's performed on stage before, but Paimon's pretty confident that she'd be really good at it.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 15.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' You're not wrong there... She has actually performed in a number of big-name shows before. They were one of the reasons she was so popular...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 16.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' But even if she's no longer the Hydro Archon, it's not like she's suddenly a commoner.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 17.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' She's still an idol to many people in Fontaine, including myself... I just think Lady Furina might feel a bit out of place in an amateur troupe like ours.
:{{DIcon}} You want the show to go ahead, don't you?
:{{DIcon}} Are you prepared to do whatever it takes?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 18.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Well yes, but... but...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 19.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Huh... Fair enough, I mean, if she was actually willing to, then of course I'd be honored to have Lady Furina star in our show. I'm sure the rest of the troupe would be delighted too.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 20.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' I'm sure everyone in our troupe has probably dreamt of performing on stage with her one day.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 21.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Of course, it all depends on whether she's interested... She might consider this opportunity beneath her...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No point stressing about that. We'll only know if we ask her.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And besides, things are different now. There's no reason for her to be all high and mighty anymore.
:{{DIcon}} Let's go. It'll be good to check in on her anyway.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 22.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Thank you for your help... I guess I'll just stay here and wait for the good news. Good luck!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Wait, where does Furina actually live nowadays? She used to live in luxury at the Palais Mermonia, but she's, uh... moved out, right?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 09.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' As it happens, I have her current address here. I can provide it to you.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, when did you get here!?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 10.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hehe, I came over when things were starting to sound more promising. I thought I should be at the ready in case my assistance is needed.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 katheryne 11.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' It is my duty to support commissioners in any way I can.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 lauwick 23.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Thank you, Ma'am... Thank you so much.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 1 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, now that we've got the address, we'll go find Furina. Back in a jiffy!

;(Talk to Lauwick or Katheryne again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fnnlq001 lauwick 01.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' I can't believe they're seriously asking Lady Furina. Seems a little over the top...
:{{A|vo dialog fnnlq001 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Try not to worry. May I pour you a glass of water?
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|One day, you and Paimon go to the Adventurers' Guild to check out their commissions, and you meet a member of a theater troupe named Lauwick, who is looking for a replacement for their lead actress. Now that you think about it, Furina might be an excellent choice.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach Furina's residence)
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Did Katheryne really give us the right address? She lives... here?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' N&mdash;Not that there's anything wrong with this place, it's just, uh... a bit of a step down from the Palais Mermonia.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' You know, it's common courtesy to make sure the homeowner isn't in earshot when you're denigrating their abode.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! Okay, when did popping out of thin air become all the rage!? First Katheryne, and now you...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I was just out on a shopping trip. I ran out of macaroni, so I went to grab a few more bags.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I used to have a much wider range of choices when it came to food, but now, I'm finding that simple, traditional home cooking can be quite delicious too.
:{{DIcon}} ...Don't you get sick of macaroni every day?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Not at all. As long as you have different kinds of sauces in, you can have macaroni and tomato sauce one week, macaroni and bolognese the next...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, sounds like you're really struggling to cope...
:{{DIcon}} Is it because you have to do all your own cooking now?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' How rude! Questioning my cooking skills, the audacity!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' It's not like I have a very eventful life these days. Actually, I barely leave the house. So I don't see how it's unusual that my meals are a little simpler now too.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Besides, I'm sure I could master dishes like "[[La Lettre a Focalors]]" or "[[Blubber Profiterole]]s" in no time. If I felt so inclined.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, there it is. You don't know how to cook!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Pff, not yet, maybe, but... Anyway! What are you even doing here? I do hope you didn't come here just to ogle at my fall from grace?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Let me first be clear that I'm not taking guests at this time. So if you're just here to clown around, then please be on your way! Shoo!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry, we're sorry! Please don't be mad!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon was just showing concern for your wellbeing.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, exactly. What {{Traveler}} said! Paimon wasn't trying to make fun of you.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Hang on a sec, you weren't exactly holding back either!
:{{DIcon}} That's not important.
:{{DIcon}} We actually came here to ask you for your help...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 10.ogg}} '''Furina:''' My help, hmm? Well, maybe you're forgetting that I'm no longer the mighty Hydro Archon. I don't even have a Vision, you know.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, it's nothing that serious! It's just very specific, and you're the one with the power to help.
:{{DIcon}} If not you, then no one.
:{{DIcon}} You're the only person for the job.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 11.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Oh? Well, if that's the case, then... fine, I'll spare you the lecture about your attitude just now.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 12.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So tell me. What, specifically, makes this matter so... specific?
:{{Black Screen|You tell Furina about the troupe's plans for its final performance.}}
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 13.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Ah, I see... I knew you couldn't have come all this way just to amuse yourselves at my expense.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 14.ogg}} '''Furina:''' After all, I was once the brightest star in all of Fontaine, well-versed in all the various performing arts. A mere musical is well within my capabilities...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 15.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...But given the present circumstances, I'm afraid I must regretfully decline your casting request.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How come? It sounds like this'd be a breeze for you.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 16.ogg}} '''Furina:''' True, but I have made a decision to retire from the stage.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 17.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Although I am no longer required to play the role of the Hydro Archon, the time I spent inhabiting that character has left an indelible mark on me.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 18.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Centuries of pretending to be a different person changes you completely. I'm not the same person I once was.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 19.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Of course, that can't be undone now. It's too late, and I have no intention of reinventing myself all over again.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 20.ogg}} '''Furina:''' But at least I can say that I no longer desire to play any new roles.
:{{DIcon}} So that's how you really feel...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can understand...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But this is just a one-off part to fill in for someone who's sick. Surely that's okay?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 21.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Whether it's a one-off or not, it's a boundary that I've committed to no longer cross.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 22.ogg}} '''Furina:''' If I make an exception to the rule now, I'm just leaving a backdoor for myself. Which would be the same as not having a boundary in the first place.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 23.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So I'm not going to perform, and that is that.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, guess there's no convincing you... Well, is there anything else we can do to help out the troupe? Otherwise, they'll just have to disband without any fanfare...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you know any other actors who might be interested in the role?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 24.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Nope.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Short and to the point, okay...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 25.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I've never been great at maintaining relationships. Besides, anyone I've ever worked with probably couldn't wait to get rid of me...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 26.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Since I'm just an ordinary person now. They'll probably just laugh in my face if I go asking them for help...
:{{DIcon}} You shouldn't assume the worst of people.
::{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 27a 1.ogg}} '''Furina:''' True, but.. I mean, could you even blame them? I show up out of the blue, begging and groveling for their help with a show they won't even get paid for?&nbsp;...*shudders* No way, I'm dying from embarassment just thinking about it. Nope, not happening!
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong with making one exception?
::{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 27b 1.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Look, I'm sorry, okay!? I'm sorry I drew a line in the sand without thinking about every possible grain on the other side!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well... Is there anything else we can do? This performance really means a lot to the guy we're working for...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 28.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Have I not made myself clear? You're barking up the wrong tree. I don't want this job, nor do I know of anyone else who would.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 29.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...Sorry, I didn't mean for that to sound so harsh. I wish I could help, really. But if I thought I had the answer to this problem, I would've said so by now.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's alright, Furina. Paimon just wanted to make sure we tried everything. *sigh* Everyone in the troupe will be so disappointed...
:{{DIcon}} Let's try to come up with a plan B.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, guess that's all we can do now. Alright then, we'll see you around, Furina...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 2 furina 30.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Toodle-oo to you too. I'm going home to take a rest now.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Furina was unexpectedly unyielding in her opposition to performing, so all you can do is return to the Adventurers' Guild and tell them the truth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(While walking back to the Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's too bad, but we have to respect Furina's decision.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe the thought of performing brings up too many painful memories now...

;(Approach the Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's going on? Are they arguing?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 01.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' ...That's besides the point. I'll ask you again. Why did you start looking for a replacement without my consent? When did I tell you I'm going to take a step back?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 01.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' You didn't need to say it... We've known each other for how long now? We know the signs. But you never tell us about your illness even when it's clearly flaring up.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 02.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' And that gives you the right to make a decision on my behalf?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Shortly after you left, the troupe's lead actress came to the Adventurers' Guild. She believes that she's healthy enough to perform.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Excuse me, but can you both take a moment to discuss something else for now? The adventurer assigned to your commission has returned.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 02.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Sorry, I was just dealing with a little misunderstanding. So, how did your conversation with Furina go?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sadly, it's a no from her. We tried to persuade her, but she wasn't having it. She doesn't want to play the role, for personal reasons.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 03.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' I see... Well, circumstances have changed a little, so maybe that's not such bad news after all.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 04.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' You see, our leading lady has just informed me that she's well enough to make it to the show after all. Staging the musical with the full original cast was always the dream, of course.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... Sounds like everything worked itself out then.
:{{DIcon}} Imagine if we had managed to convince Furina to join...
:{{DIcon}} ...Only for her to find out she's no longer needed.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, she'd be livid! We'd get the scolding of a lifetime!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 03.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Geez... Is Lady Furina really so harsh with people?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Only joking, calm down!&nbsp;...So, uh, guess we can consider this case closed now, huh?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Despite the fact that we failed to complete the commission... We were still racking our brains for ideas on the way back here, hehe.
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 05.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' *sigh* Look, there's no point arguing with you about this any more. You've made yourself very clear, so I'll stop looking for a replacement.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 06.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' This is the last chance we have, though. If your illness flares up again, there won't be time to find anyone to replace you.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 07.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' So, are you absolutely sure you'll be able to handle it? The whole team is putting everything they have into this final performance. We have to make sure it goes ahead.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 04.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Yes, I'm completely confident. I've been taking a new medication from the doctor, and it's working brilliantly. I'll definitely be able to tough it out until the performance day.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 05.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' I share everyone's desire to commemorate all our years as a troupe with a proper farewell show. So the last thing I want is to be left out.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 06.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Every one of us thinks of this troupe as their home. Myself included.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 08.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' You're right. I'm sorry &mdash; I let myself get too worried about the show. I should have asked for your permission first.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, all's well that ends well! Sounds like the show will go on.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, wait here a second.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Sure.
:;(The Traveler sees Furina hiding nearby and grabs her hand)
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Hey, how did you... I&mdash;I was just passing by because... I realized I forgot a couple of items on my shopping list!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...Alright, alright, I'm coming. No need to drag me!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Uh... Ahem, hello one and all. I couldn't help but overhear your conversation just now...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Furina!? Didn't you say you were gonna take a rest at home? What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I... I was just ever so slightly concerned about the situation you mentioned. Yes. A teensy bit concerned, that's all.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' When you came to talk with me earlier, I jumped right to explaining my position, and said some strongly worded things.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' And all before I even had a full grasp of the situation... Anyway, I just feel a bit bad about how it went down.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I'm sorry, Paimon.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's totally fine! Paimon didn't take any of that personally!
:{{DIcon}} Then why didn't you just show yourself?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' ...You really have a knack for asking the most uncomfortable questions, don't you...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I felt very sheepish, having had a change of heart after flatly refusing you. And then, to make matters worse, you caught me...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 10.ogg}} '''Furina:''' But in any case, it sounds like the issue has already been resolved?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 09.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Yeah... When they said they were gonna ask for your help, I almost had a heart attack. I mean, how could we be worthy of having Lady Furina star in our show?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 11.ogg}} '''Furina:''' There's no need to think like that, and no need to keep addressing me as "Lady." Just "Furina" is fine.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 12.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I was wondering... if this troupe is so important to all of you, why does it have to disband?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 13.ogg}} '''Furina:''' If the difficulties are purely financial, then there must be a solution. You could put the shows on pause while you look for a sponsor, for instance.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 14.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Everyone seems so devoted to the troupe. I'm sure if you keep chipping away, you'll find a way through.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 07.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' *sigh* We all want to believe that, but... Some things are just beyond our control.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 08.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' ...Everything's been going downhill ever since we lost our director. She was the heart and soul of our troupe. She kept us going.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 10.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Her name was [[Aurelie]], and she was the founder as well as artistic director of our troupe. And tragically, she... was a victim in the serial disappearances case.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 15.ogg}} '''Furina:''' What?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 11.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' That's actually how I recognized these two. It was all thanks to their efforts that the true culprit was brought to justice.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 12.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' *sigh* But still... No sentence can bring our director back to us.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 09.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' She was a loyal fan of your performances, Lady&mdash; Uh, Miss Furina. They were what first inspired her to get into musical theater.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 10.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' She rallied many people around her who were destitute or had lost their sense of purpose in life, and convinced them to join her troupe. She wrote her own scripts, acted on stage, and mentored each and every one of us.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 11.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' People loved our performances back then... We seemed to be going from strength to strength. Things were really looking up for us...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 16.ogg}} '''Furina:''' And then, disaster struck...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 13.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Yeah. After that, the entire troupe fell into disarray.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 14.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' None of us know anything about scriptwriting, let alone how to handle the business side of things. We've been doing the best we can, but despite our efforts, things are slowly but surely falling apart.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 15.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' It's agonizing, but ultimately, we'd rather end things now on our own terms than stick it out to the bitter end and watch all our dreams turn to dust.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh...
:{{DIcon}} That's so sad...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 17.ogg}} '''Furina:''' What a terrible waste... A gifted artist from humble beginnings, who achieved so much and no doubt had much more to give... and then her life was so cruelly taken.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 18.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I suppose it's fair to say, then, that this final show, besides being your farewell to the stage, is also your final gift for her?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 12.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Yes, exactly. We all miss her terribly.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 19.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Well, good thing I followed the Traveler here. After hearing this tragic tale, I can no longer stand by and do nothing.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Furina?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 20.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I know what you're thinking, but I by no means plan to cross the boundary I've set for myself. Besides, they're no longer looking for a replacement anyway.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 21.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I can, however, provide some artistic guidance from the vantage point of a highly experienced audience member.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 22.ogg}} '''Furina:''' But only if you feel this is something that would help, of course.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 dulphy 13.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Oh, most definitely! We'll take any guidance that you can give!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 16.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' We unfortunately don't have any budget for a consultant, though... Will that be a problem?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 23.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I don't need any compensation. All I'd ask in return, if you're willing, is that you tell me some more about the life and work of your late director.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 24.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Something I've begun to realize since my departure from the Opera Epiclese is that there's a lot you don't see when you observe everything from on high.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 25.ogg}} '''Furina:''' The law only judges criminal behavior, and does not weigh human emotion. The court's verdict can settle the question of criminal liability, but...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 26.ogg}} '''Furina:''' What about all the unresolved emotions of the parties involved? What happens to them?
:{{DIcon}} A verdict can bring emotional catharsis.
:{{DIcon}} They come pouring out, and flow away into infinity.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 27.ogg}} '''Furina:''' An interesting answer. But if you ask me, I think all emotion shall ultimately return home to the heart, and slowly settle with the passage of time.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 28.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Take, par exemple, how this troupe pines for their late director... Things such as this I have never witnessed before. And so, I should like to observe, perchance to understand.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Still a fan of your old dramatic monologues then, huh?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You just wanna get back in on the action, don't you?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 29.ogg}} '''Furina:''' No, no, no, this is a completely different situation! Hmph, pearls before swine...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The name's not "Swine," it's Paimon!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 furina 30.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Would you be willing to join me? C'mon, take a break from adventuring to listen to a story.
:{{DIcon}} Since it's you, I'll do it.
:{{DIcon}} Especially since it's related to the serial disappearances case.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 17.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Thank you all so much. Our director was a huge fan of Miss Furina's performances... as, of course, we all are.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 3 lauwick 18.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Alright, follow me. We'll go to our usual practice space. Please excuse the size &mdash; it's a little on the smaller side.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|Furina was unexpectedly unyielding in her opposition to performing, so all you could do was return to the Adventurers' Guild and tell them the truth. However, she actually followed you back, and chooses to participate in the performance as a consultant...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the rehearsal location)
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 buraud 01.ogg}} '''Buraud:''' Huh? L&mdash;Lady Furina!?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 elain 01.ogg}} '''Elain:''' What's Lady Furina doing here?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 01.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Hello, all. Allow me to explain. As of today, La&mdash; Uh, Miss Furina will be supporting our production of "The Little Oceanid" in the role of artistic consultant.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 02.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' These two over here are the ones that made it possible &mdash; they kindly reached out to Miss Furina on our behalf. I'm sure they need no introduction.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 buraud 02.ogg}} '''Buraud:''' You bet! That was the trial of the century!
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 elain 02.ogg}} '''Elain:''' You helped bring our director's murderer to justice. We can't thank you enough.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, please don't mention it. We're just here to join in on the fun.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So, you were saying &mdash; "The Little Oceanid"...?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 01.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Yeah, that's the name of our final show. It's an unfinished script left behind by our director.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 02.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' One of our greatest regrets is that she never got to complete it. So if we can bring it to the stage and make it a successful show, we can all take some solace in that.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, but if it's not finished, then...
:{{DIcon}} Finding an actress was the least of your problems...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 03.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Yeah, we've been battling issues on every front trying to realize this dream... Anyway, let me give you a quick summary of what the story's all about.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 04.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' The protagonist of the story is a young Oceanid who transforms herself into human form, despite the protests of her family.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 05.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' She longed to live just like any other human. And sure enough, she found friendship and even love. Everything seemed perfect.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 06.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' But one day, her true identity was exposed, and her world came crashing down around her...
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So far, so good. A classic tale. What happened after that?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 03.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' That's one of the issues we've been trying to deal with... Unfortunately, this was as far as the director got with her script.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 04.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' We need a proper ending so we can bring this musical to the stage, but people have different opinions on which direction to take it in.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 07.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' We still haven't decided between a happy ending or a true-to-life tragedy.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' By true-to-life, you mean... the director's sudden disappearance?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 05.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Yeah. Like they say, truth is stranger than fiction.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 06.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' But then there's the question of whether we really want to use the stage to pass our raw pain onto the audience.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 08.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Exactly. A lot of the time, people come to watch a show just hoping for some light entertainment. We have to consider their emotional stake in this, not just our own.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 09.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' And one last thing &mdash; we're still waiting on confirmation from two of our main actors.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 10.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' The first is [[Pauleau]], who plays the protagonist's lover. He's locked himself away to focus on writing and ending for the script. But the deadline's past and we still haven't heard from him.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 11.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' The other is [[Vilmant]], who plays the main antagonist. He took the director's death pretty hard. Hasn't set foot in the city since.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 12.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' He did write to us, promising that he'll be there for the final performance, but we haven't seen or heard from him since. So we're not really sure what to make of that.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 07.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Although... Now that we have Miss Furina helping us, maybe we should take the opportunity to get everyone back together?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' What opportunity? What do you mean?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 08.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Hehe, maybe you're unaware, but your name has always been like a rallying cry for us.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 13.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' Our director was constantly singing your praises. All of us look up to you as a role model.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Oh stop, you're making me all flustered. Although... hehe, not in a bad way.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' I suspect the reason they're dragging their feet is that they have their doubts about whether the show will really go ahead, considering all the issues you've been facing.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' But one by one, all the obstacles are being removed. Now is the time to rally the troops.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 09.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' Makes sense... Okay, priority number one &mdash; let's check in with Pauleau and see where he's at with the ending.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 dulphy 10.ogg}} '''Dulphy:''' He went back to Poisson a few days ago. Said that staying in a friend's home might help him to relax, and escape the feeling of isolation.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 lauwick 14.ogg}} '''Lauwick:''' I thought the last thing his friend would want right now would be to take visitors, given that Poisson was flooded not too long ago. But I guess it's the opposite &mdash; a friend in need, and all that.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, maybe he could use some company.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Poisson...
:{{DIcon}} Uh, is something wrong?
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Nothing... I suppose my presence will be indispendable if we are to restore his faith in the show.
:{{A|vo fnnlq001 4 furina 10.ogg}} '''Furina:''' So, allons-y! To Poisson!

;(Talk to Buraud, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fnnlq002 buraud 01.ogg}} '''Buraud''': Pressure's on now... We gotta make sure we're fully prepared.

;(Talk to Elain, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog fnnlq002 elain 01.ogg}} '''Elain''': You're off to Poisson to find Pauleau, right? Have a safe trip! We'll take care of the troupe while you're gone.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = To Yesterday
|zhs     = 敬昨日
|zhs_rm  = Jìngzuórì
|zht     = 敬昨日
|zht_rm  = Jìngzuórì
|zh_tl   = To Yesterday
|ja      = 過ぎし日に祝杯を
|ja_rm   = Sugishi Hi ni Shukuhai wo
|ja_tl   = A Toast to Days Past
|ko      = 지난날을 위한 축배
|ko_tl   = A Toast to Days Past
|es      = Por el pasado
|es_tl   = To the Past
|fr      = À hier
|fr_tl   = To Yesterday
|ru      = В честь вчерашнего дня
|ru_tl   = In Honor of Yesterday
|th      = ถึงเมื่อวาน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gửi Ngày Cũ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = An die Vergangenheit
|de_tl   = To the Past
|id      = Kepada Hari Kemarin
|id_tl   = To Yesterday
|pt      = Ao Ontem
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Düne Dair
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = A ieri
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

[[vi:Gửi Ngày Cũ]]