{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Story Quest Yoimiya A1 Together Under the Fireworks.png
|type          = Story
|description   = Unexpectedly, this old couple's child is the [[Tenryou Commission]]'s [[Imatani Keisuke]], an old acquaintance of [[Sakujirou]]'s. However, the two of them once had a sharp disagreement, and so [[Yoimiya]] is unable to use this prior relationship to help Sakujirou out of his bind. As the Tenryou Commission closes in on [[Naganohara Fireworks]], Yoimiya fears that Sakujirou will forever forfeit his chance to fulfill his wish...
|chapter       = Carassius Auratus Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = Dreamlike Timelessness
|character     = Yoimiya
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Imatani Keisuke; Iwao; Matsuzaka; Paimon; Saika; Sakujirou; Traveler; Yoimiya; Yoshitaka
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = A Sliver of Hope
|next          = 
|exp           = 600
|mora          = 36,825
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Guide to Transience|5}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|voiced        = yes
}}

'''Together Under the Fireworks''' is the fourth and final part of [[Yoimiya]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Carassius Auratus Chapter]]: Act I - [[Dreamlike Timelessness]].

==Steps==
#Follow the road out of the city to look for clues
#*Talk with the children
#Follow the direction indicated by the children
#Approach the [[Tenryou Commission]] officers who are blocking the road
#Defeat the Tenryou Commission officers
#Talk to the panicking Tenryou Commission officers
#Proceed deeper within to find [[Sakujirou]]
#Defeat [[Imatani Keisuke]]
#Talk to Imatani Keisuke and Sakujirou
#Go to a place to watch the [[Naganohara Fireworks Show|Fireworks Show]]
#*Obtain [[Naganohara Fireworks Note]]

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
<!--World Level-->
|wl                     = 3, 8

<!--Character-->
|character_name          = Yoimiya

|character_level3        = 45
|constellation3          = 3

|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3

<!--Weapon-->
|weapon_name             = Thundering Pulse

|weapon_level3           = 45
|refinement3             = 1

|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1

<!--Artifacts-->
|artifact_flower3        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather3       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands3         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet3        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet3       = Crown of the Brave
|set1_3                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_3      = 4
|artifact_level3         = 14

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|artifact_level8         = 20

<!--Talents-->
|normal_attack_talent3   = 2
|elemental_skill_talent3 = 5
|elemental_burst_talent3 = 2

|normal_attack_talent8   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 9
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 6

<!--Attributes-->
|hp3                     = 11,787
|atk3                    = 1,109
|def3                    = 297
|em3                     = 17
|er3                     = 104.7%
|crit_rate3              = 41.8%
|crit_dmg3               = 112.4%

|hp8                     = 22,405
|atk8                    = 2,089
|def8                    = 727
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 76.3%
|crit_dmg8               = 155.2%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to [[Naganohara Ryuunosuke]])
:{{A|vo dialog xglq004 naganohararyuunosuke 01.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' Things aren't boding well for Sakujirou.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq004 naganohararyuunosuke 02.ogg}} '''Naganohara Ryuunosuke:''' If only there was something we could do...

;(Talk to [[Morihiko]])
:{{A|vo dialog xglq004 morihiko 01.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' ... Be careful.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq004 morihiko 02.ogg}} '''Morihiko:''' This is the Tenryou Commission we're talking about. Please, don't do anything you might live to regret.

----
;(Upon spotting the children)
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's [[Matsuzaka]] and his friends! Let's ask them!

;(Approach the children)
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 matsuzaka 01.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' Hi, Yoimiya! Are the weapons to scare away the Great Mujina Youkai ready yet?
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, Mr. Ryuunosuke is making them right now. You can go collect them from my house later.
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 saika 01.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Uh... Aren't you gonna play with us, Yoimiya?
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'm sorry, I have something important to do right now. I'll be back later on.
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' ...But I'll bring you guys some candy next time! The extra-sweet candy, the one you guys love.
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 iwao 01.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Yay-ay! We're gonna get candy, woohoo.
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Also, I wanted to ask you guys something. Did you see a bunch of scary-looking men come by here, at all?
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 saika 02.ogg}} '''Saika:''' Yep, we did! It looked like they were chasing someone!
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 iwao 02.ogg}} '''Iwao:''' Are they trying to catch a monster, too?
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No, don't worry. It's all just a big misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Be good kids and stay out of trouble, alright? Stay in the city for now, and I'll come play with you after the fireworks start.
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 matsuzaka 02.ogg}} '''Matsuzaka:''' We will! We'll be on our best behavior, especially for you, Yoimiya!

;(After talking with the children)
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It looks like this is the right way. Let's keep going!
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If Sakujirou still hasn't made up his mind, I guess I'll have to step in...
----
;(Upon spotting the Tenryou Commission officers)
:{{A|vo xglq004 1 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Look, there are people from the Tenryou Commission over there! That must be them.

;(Approach the officers)
:{{A|vo xglq004 2 yoshitaka 01.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' Sorry, official business. I can't let you pass.
:{{A|vo xglq004 2 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sakujirou and Keisuke are up ahead, right? We need to talk to them about something.
:{{A|vo xglq004 2 yoshitaka 02.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' Didn't you hear me? You're not getting past.
:{{A|vo xglq004 2 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ugh, what a nuisance! Well, you've only got yourself to blame!
----
;(After defeating the officers)
:{{A|vo xglq004 4 yoshitaka 01.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' How dare you impede the work of the Tenryou Commission!
:{{A|vo xglq004 4 yoshitaka 02.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' You will be punished for your actions!
:{{A|vo xglq004 4 yoshitaka 03.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' There is nowhere you can escape justice, not even at the edges of the world!
:{{A|vo xglq004 4 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Look at that &mdash; the one with the loudest mouth had the fastest feet.
:{{A|vo xglq004 4 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We can't waste any more time on these guys. Let's push on, they should be just ahead.
----
;(Approach Sakujirou and Keisuke)
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 sakujirou 01.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' *panting*... *panting*...
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 01.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Your skills with the sword have stagnated, Sakujirou...
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 02.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' You should have known that you stood no choice against me in a duel.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 sakujirou 02.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I never imagined I'd fall into your hands.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 sakujirou 03.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' ...
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 sakujirou 04.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' If this is to be my fate, I accept it. I have nothing else to say.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 03.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' But your return says that you finally came around to my point of view.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 sakujirou 05.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Whatever you say.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 04.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' You will return with me to the Tenryou Commission to await your sentencing.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 05.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' The one who made this boat will also be punished.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wait!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It doesn't have to end like this! Don't you have anything else to say to one another!?
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 06.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Hey, I know you. You're Naganohara's girl, who makes the fireworks... Huh. I know you like to get involved in other people's business, but stay out of this. It does not concern you.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 sakujirou 06.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' It's okay, Yoimiya. The past is the past.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Then why did you risk life and limb to get yourself back into Inazuma!? And why were you so reluctant to leave after you got here!?
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'll tell you why, this is why! This is the chance you've been waiting for, to talk everything through!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 07.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I have nothing to say to him.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 08.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' He's a criminal, I work for the Tenryou Commission. There was never any room for discussion.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 09.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Out of respect for the friendship we once had, I gave him a chance to fight for his freedom. But his skills with the sword are as disappointing now as they ever were.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' What are you talking about? And just who do you think you're kidding!?
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You left all your subordinates back there to guard the road, making sure no one else followed you here. Seems to me like you were hoping for a chance to talk.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I can see it in your faces. You both have so much to say... and you're just gonna choose to keep it all inside?
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 10.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' ...
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 11.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Don't flatter yourself. What would you know?
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 sakujirou 07.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Yoimiya, leave it. It was just my wishful thinking.
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No, I won't leave it! I will not stand by and watch when you haven't even done anything!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Keisuke, you seem to like settling things with a duel. So let's do it your way! I challenge you to a duel!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If I win, then you need to say everything that's in your heart. No more running from your feelings!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And the same goes for you, Sakujirou! If I win, you will tell Keisuke exactly why you came back. No matter what the consequences are. You have to tell him everything!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If you don't say anything now, you may never have another chance!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 12.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' And if you lose?
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Then I'll admit to collaborating with Sakujirou and accept the Tenryou Commission's punishment!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 sakujirou 08.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Yoimiya...
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 imatanikeisuke 13.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I accept. Let's settle this with a duel.
----
;(At the start of the duel)
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 yoshitaka 01.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' Sir, we're here to back you up!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Backup!? Duels are supposed to be one on one!
:{{A|vo xglq004 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, that's it, let's help Yoimiya! We can't let her fight them all alone!
----
;(After defeating Keisuke)
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoshitaka 01a.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' Sir, they are too strong. We need more men...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 01.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Stand down.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoshitaka 02.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' Wh&mdash;What?
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 02.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I thought I told you to stay away! Now, stand down!
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoshitaka 03.ogg}} '''Yoshitaka:''' Y&mdash;Yes, Sir... Sorry!

:'''''Yoshitaka leaves in a panic.'''''

:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 03.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Young lady, you are just as obstinate as Sakujirou was back then.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 04.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Why were you so convinced that we had things to say to each other?
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Because... Sakujirou may not have told me about you when he came back, but he did order a firework from me.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Then, your parents told me what happened between you when you were younger. Once I'd heard the story, I realized that the firework meant something special to you both.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And that's why I simply refuse to believe that you have nothing to say to each other!
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Nobody sets off a firework to feel lonely, do they...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 05.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' ...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 01.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' The reason I came back is that... I felt lost.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 02.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' It wasn't that I'd changed my mind, I just felt that what I'd done in the past was to try to escape from reality.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 03.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I saw the freedom of [[Mondstadt]], the contracts of [[Liyue]], the wisdom of [[Sumeru]], and the justice of [[Fontaine]]... It all left a deep impression on me.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 04.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I was glad that I'd left Inazuma. But then I happened to hear about the [[Sakoku Decree]].
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 05.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I was an escapee, and I was proud of that. But really, what I should have tried to do is take the good things from the outside world and bring them back home.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 06.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' So that's why you came back? Out of your naive hope of changing the way things are here?
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 06.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' No, I let go of those delusions of grandeur. I just felt that... I never should have run away like that...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 07.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' After all, you never ran away.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 07.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' ...!
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 08.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' I don't know about you, but life hasn't been easy for me.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 09.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' But I just had to come back and visit. It was like fate was calling me, and I couldn't ignore it any longer.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 08.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' ...Life isn't easy for anyone.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 09.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I truly worship the [[Raiden Shogun]]. Her ideas are my personal creed, and I desire nothing more than to see her will done.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 10.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' But now, my role is to punish violators of the Sakoku Decree and confiscate people's Visions. It's not what I signed up for when I joined the Tenryou Commission...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 11.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I do wonder... Am I really doing the right thing?
:<!--{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 12.ogg}} <!--no sound here -->'''Imatani Keisuke:''' ...
:<!--no sound-->'''Sakujirou:''' ...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 13.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' The boat is yours.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 11.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 14.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I couldn't make you stay in Inazuma, but that doesn't mean I want to keep you here by force.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 12.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' What will you say to the higher-ups?
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 15.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Don't worry about that. I'll handle it.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 16.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' If you wanna come back, I hear that the process of returning to Inazuma from the outside world is long and complicated. But it can be done.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 17.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I will lend you my help. But until then, wait for me out there.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 18.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' ...And don't kick the bucket on the way out.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 13.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Don't worry, Keisuke.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 sakujirou 14.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Any chance we could watch the fireworks together?
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 19.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Mm. Maybe next time.

:'''''Sakujirou's boat departs in inscrutable silence...'''''

:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 20.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' *sigh* I'll be demoted for sure...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 21.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' It's not like me to give in to childish sentiment like this. I can't explain why I went through with it.
:{{DIcon}} That boat...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 22.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' It's the one that Sakujirou planned on using for his escape. I asked Yoshitaka and the others to transport it here, citing the Temporary Contraband Storage clause.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 23.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Forcing Sakujirou to this spot was also something I had planned all along.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 24.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' It's just like you said, Yoimiya. Even thought I hadn't fully made up my mind, my actions betrayed my intent...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But I think you did the right thing. And look, now you've managed to resolve the grievance in your heart by talking about it.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 25.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I understand now, thank you. I didn't know you were quite so perceptive &mdash; you saw right into what I was thinking.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, that's only because I know your parents so well. They're both really nice people, so I didn't think the apple would fall too far from the tree.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 26.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' I had heard that there was a new Naganohara running things these days. A little loud and reckless, maybe but... You live up to the family name.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 27.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' By the way, Naganohara Fireworks can reproduce the firework that the two of us set off back then, right Would you be able to make one for me?
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry, no can do. Without the slip for reference, I can't make the same one again, and I'm afraid Sakujirou is the one with the slip.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 28.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Ah, I see...
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 29.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' Never mind, then.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, don't get too down just yet, though &mdash; I mentioned that Sakujirou ordered a firework from me, didn't I?
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I can't make another one, but I'm guessing Sakujirou probably won't be needing his anymore... It'd be a shame for it to go to waste, so I'll make an exception and let you set it off instead.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 imatanikeisuke 30.ogg}} '''Imatani Keisuke:''' ...Thank you very much.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No worries. And don't miss out on the start of the fireworks show.

:'''''Imatani Keisuke also leaves.'''''

:{{A|vo xglq004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yoimiya, the way you took command of that whole situation was amazing!
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' What can I say &mdash; I like to talk. I'm a strong believer in the power of words.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If you're not willing to communicate, then the problem just sits there. If you just keep staring at it without doing anything, eventually you'll watch every last opportunity to resolve it slip away before your eyes.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sakujirou and Keisuke can't turn back the clock in their relationship, but... that's no reason to live with remorse.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Anyway, follow me. I'll bring you to the perfect place to watch the fireworks.
:{{A|vo xglq004 7 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' My pops will set off the firework that I wanted to give to you.
----
;(A cinematic plays)
:;(Sakujirou paddles away in his small boat)
:;(There is a flash of light and he turns around to see a firework display)
:{{A|vo xglq004 cs sakujirou 01.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' It's...!
:;(A familiar firework sets off)
:{{A|vo xglq004 cs sakujirou 02.ogg}} '''Sakujirou:''' Keisuke...
:;(He begins to weep)
:;(Yoimiya, the Traveler and Paimon watch the fireworks from Amakane Island)
:{{A|vo xglq004 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Yoimiya. These fireworks, what do they mean to you?
:;(Yoimiya is captivated by the show and does not respond)
:{{A|vo xglq004 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yoimiya?
:;(The Traveler shushes Paimon)
:;(Paimon nods)
----
;(After the cinematic)
;({{Color|menu|The fireworks blossom profusely in the skies over Inazuma City. Sakujirou, rowing his small boat alone, cannot help but weep as his gaze chances upon a familiar fire-flower. The instigator of this affair, Yoimiya, ever the chatterbox on the road here, is uncharacteristically silent, observing the fleeting panorama of beauty thoughtfully.}})
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ahh, that was amazing. It was so beautiful I could weep.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Uh, I didn't actually cry, though, right? I just feel a bit misty-eyed.
:{{DIcon}} It was very pretty.
:{{DIcon}} Once again, the Naganoharas live up to their name.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, remember that big one that went up first? The gold one?
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's the one I had pops make for you.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon saw it! It was one of the best ones, they won't forget that any time soon!
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Haha, that's what I wanted to hear. I was hoping it would leave a deep impression on you guys.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No matter where your journey takes you, and no matter what hardships might lie ahead, I hope you'll always be able to look back fondly on the fireworks you saw tonight.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I believe that as time goes by, this firework will only grow brighter and more beautiful in your heart.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, and also, you're technically my customers now. Here, this is your paper slip. If you ever wanna see that golden firework again, just come and see me.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for the firework.
:{{DIcon}} Thank you for your kindness.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know, Yoimiya, you seemed to turn into a completely different person during the fireworks. You were so quiet, and it was like you couldn't hear anything it all.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, I could hear you. I just have a habit of being silent while I'm watching fireworks.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Quietly watching something you made with your own hands rise into the sky, it feels like a sacred ceremony to me.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You asked me what fireworks mean to me, right?
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup!
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, for Kouichi, who built that boat for us, and his friend, [[Third Sis]], fireworks commemorate friendship.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' For Keisuke's parents, they commemorate marriage.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And for Keisuke and Sakujirou, they were commemorating... hmm.
:{{DIcon}} Unwavering beliefs, right?
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, right! Beliefs!
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' As for me...
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, to be honest, even though I've thought about it countless times before, I still haven't found an answer.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously? Huh... Paimon was expecting something deep and philosophical.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 14.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well, no one has ever asked me this before, so I've never really settled on an answer.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 15.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It was by chance that I happened to be born into the Naganohara family, so it was by chance that I ended up learning this craft from my pops.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 16.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's also by chance that I've met so many people, learned so many things, and discovered that people associate watching fireworks with the things that are most precious to them.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 17.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Fireworks that disappear in a flash of light are probably the furthest thing away from the eternity that our Shogun desires.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 18.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But people's feelings don't just disappear, and it's those feelings that give fireworks their purpose. If nobody wanted to watch fireworks, then they wouldn't exist.
:{{DIcon}} That's another kind of eternity.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 19.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Also, consider this: You have to have the Naganoharas, because so many people are emotionally invested in the existence of fireworks.
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 20.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If we didn't exist, their wishes would go unfulfilled, wouldn't they?
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 21.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You know, (Traveler), I don't really think about complicated things like this very often...
:{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 22.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But I'm proud that I was born into the [[Naganohara family]], and have the chance to make so many pretty fireworks.
----
;(Talk to Yoimiya after the end of the quest)
:{{A|vo dialog xglq004 yoimiya 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I think I'll stay here for a bit longer. The show is still not quite over in my heart.
:{{A|vo dialog xglq004 yoimiya 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Oh, but if you wanted to chat, I'll happily oblige.
:{{DIcon}} What do you want to do afterward?
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23a.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Matsuzaka and the others are still waiting for me so we can go hunt down the [[Great Mujina Youkai]]. I'm like a big sister to them, so I can't go back on my word.
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23a 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Also, I want to go and ask everyone what they thought of the fireworks.
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23a 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' And over the next few days, I'd also like to thank everyone for their support.
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23a 3.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That includes you and Paimon, too, of course.
:{{DIcon}} Are fireworks expensive?
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' For you guys...
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23b 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'll do it for free!
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23b 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I did kind of force it on you, after all. Not to mention that I dragged you along with me and gave you all sorts of trouble along the way. Hehe, I'd feel bad if I charged you any Mora.
::{{DIcon}} Are you sure? I feel bad...
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23b 3a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23b 3b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' It's fine. ...Look, how about we make a deal: After you find your (sister/brother), tell (her/him) to come to Naganohara Fireworks for all (her/his) fireworks needs. That way, I'll get another customer. Sound fair?
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23b 4a.ogg}} {{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23b 4b.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Also, it'd be nice to meet (her/him).
:{{DIcon}} What if the Tenryou Commission causes you more trouble...
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23c.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'll kick their butts again!
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23c 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hahaha, I'm joking. Didn't I tell you that my family deal with the Commissions quite a bit?
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23c 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' We have an easy enough time of it. At the worst, we'd have to apologize, smile, and pay a fine. It wouldn't be the end of the world.
::{{A|vo xglq004 9 yoimiya 23c 3.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You two should be careful, though. Without the same connections, you can't afford to be as reckless as me, hee-hee.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--duplicate
* {{A|vo xglq004 7 yoshitaka 01a.ogg|1}}
* {{A|vo xglq004 7 yoshitaka 01b.ogg|1}}
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Together Under the Fireworks
|zhs     = 同在烟花之下
|zhs_rm  = Tóng Zài Yānhuā zhī Xià
|zht     = 同在煙花之下
|zht_rm  = Tóng Zài Yānhuā zhī Xià
|zh_tl   = Together Under the Fireworks
|ja      = 花火の下で共に
|ja_rm   = Hanabi no Shita de Tomo ni{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Together Under the Fireworks
|ko      = 같은 불꽃 아래
|ko_rm   = Gateun Bulkkot Arae
|ko_tl   = Under the Same Fire
|es      = Juntos bajo los fuegos artificiales
|es_tl   = Together Under the Fireworks
|fr      = Ensemble sous les feux d'artifice
|fr_tl   = Together Under the Fireworks
|ru      = Вместе под фейерверками
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ภายใต้ดอกไม้ไฟที่เดียวกัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Dưới Màn Pháo Hoa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gemeinsam unter dem Feuerwerk
|de_tl   = Together Under the Fireworks
|id      = Bersama di Bawah Cahaya Kembang Api
|id_tl   = Together Under the Fireworks Light
|pt      = Juntos sob os Fogos de Artifício
|pt_tl   = Together Under the Fireworks
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Juntos bajo los fuegos artificiales]]
[[pt-br:Juntos sob os Fogos de Artifício]]