{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|group            = Long-Necked Rhino
|image            = NPC Toto.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Natlan
|location         = Natlan
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Toto''' is a quest-exclusive [[Long-Necked Rhino]] [[NPC]] that first appears in {{Quest|Natlan! A New Adventure}}.

==Profile==
Toto is a friendly and gentle Long-Necked Rhino. Toto's name was given to him by [[Kachina]], who has been close friends with him ever since they were little.<ref name="C5A1">{{Ref/Quest|Natlan! A New Adventure}}</ref>

Toto first met Kachina at the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]], where he helped get Kachina's family's cart carrying various fruits that had flipped over back right side up again.<ref name="C5A1"/>

Ever since then, Kachina has been bringing him fruits. Kachina believes Toto is always hanging around [[Tepeacac Rise]] just to show off to any outlanders that might come that way.<ref name="C5A1"/>

During the {{Quest|Despair Engulfs the Heavens}}, Toto remained behind while the rest of his family fled when the Abyss invaded and was severely injured in the process. [[Tochlan]] found Toto and stayed with him to tend to his wounds, though she was unsure if he remained behind to defend his territory. Toto would survive his injuries and left the area after being able to walk, returning once the invasion was repulsed.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Despair Engulfs the Heavens}}</ref>

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Toto takes the appearance of an adult [[Long-Necked Rhino]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* "Toto" means "big child" in Swahili.<ref>African Languages: [https://africanlanguages.com/swahili/index.php?qi=140000 Toto]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Toto
|zhs     = 托托
|zhs_rm  = Tuōtuō
|zht     = 托托
|zht_rm  = Tuōtuō
|ja      = トト
|ja_rm   = Toto
|ko      = 토토
|es      = Tokto
|fr      = Toto
|ru      = Тото
|th      = Toto
|vi      = Toto
|de      = Toto
|id      = Toto
|pt      = Toto
|tr      = Toto
|it      = Toto
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}