{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79060
|image         = World Quest Towards the Lighthouse or Far Away.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertide Scales and Tales
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Esnoir; Paimon; Panuelle; Rozel; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Simulanka]]
|region        = Simulanka
|area          = Broken Sea
|poi           = Brickstacks
|subarea       = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Towards the Lighthouse, or Far Away''''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Simulanka]].

==Steps==
Start the quest by talking to [[Esnoir]] or interacting with the lamp inside the lighthouse.
# Find a way to make the lighthouse... stand up?
# Talk to Esnoir
# Go to the highest island and hang the lamp at its highest point
# Talk to [[Panuelle]]
# Go to the "[[Whispering Isle]]" and make a wish to the three "goddess" statues
# Talk to Paimon
# Go to the "[[Shattered Toytanium Mines|toytanium mines]]" and search for the "[[A "Weapon-Like" Dragon Horn|weapon]]"
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Geo Slime|x=4}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Large Geo Slime;Geo Slime;Hydro Slime}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Large Geo Slime*2;Large Hydro Slime*2}}
# Talk to Paimon
# Go to the "Whispering Isle" and make a wish to the three "goddess" statues
# Talk to Esnoir

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing Step 4 of this quest unlocks the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] "[[A Stormy Friendship]]" as a follow-up to [[Panuelle]] and [[Chauvigne]]'s story.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something seems to be troubling someone in the collapsed lighthouse outside Brickstacks...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If the player talks to Esnoir before interacting with the lamp)
::'''Esnoir:''' Lighthouse... Lighthouse... I've got to haul you up, so my friends can find the way home... Phew... Just got to rest a bit before I do...
::{{DIcon}} This isn't something a human can just pull into place.
::{{DIcon}} Seems like you're going to need my help.
::'''Esnoir:''' Hmm? What ho, you don't look like one of our neighbors from Brickstacks. A rarity indeed!
::'''Esnoir:''' Esnoir's the name, and guarding this here Farseer Lighthouse's the game. It and I bid you welcome.
::'''Esnoir:''' In truth, however, you've come at a most terrible time. T'was but a few scant moments ago when a monstrous dragon just ran by in a right hurry.
::'''Esnoir:''' Clumsy and stumbling it was, and the two of us were in its wrathful path.
::'''Esnoir:''' With a crack and a snap, both I and my poor lighthouse were bowled right over... And as you can see, I've regained my footing, but not so the lighthouse.
:;(If the player has not completed [[Until the End of the World]])
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh... You sure are making light of that lighthouse being knocked down by that giant dragon, aren't you?
:;(If the player has completed Until the End of the World)
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh boy. So [[Mini Durin]] knocked this lighthouse over just by passing through...
::'''Esnoir:''' Aye, and I've tried all manner of ways to get him on his feet. Even the neighbors came to lend a hand.
::'''Esnoir:''' But he simply refused to stand back up again. You'd almost think he had a temper, to throw such a tantrum...
::'''Esnoir:''' Our neighbors still have to keep an eye on that dragon, so I'm on my own for the time being.
::'''Esnoir:''' Agh! This is a terrible situation. With our lighthouse down for the count, we'll have no light... That means no return to the village for our venturers!
::{{DIcon}} Wait. What are "venturers"?
:::'''Esnoir:''' Why, explorers, wayfarers. Those willing to leave everything behind and travel far abroad.
::{{DIcon}} And where would they travel "abroad"?
::'''Esnoir:''' Their journeys take them to the ends of the skies. After all, a mere jaunt over to [[Constellation Metropole]] or [[Rainsong Pond]] requires no lighthouse to show the way.
::'''Esnoir:''' And so venturers board their little boats and set sail for where the stars set &mdash; or perhaps the other end of the rainbow.
::'''Esnoir:''' When they wish to return, this lighthouse shall be their guide.
::'''Esnoir:''' When they return, some venturers have grown most strange, mumbling ceaselessly about "value" and "suitability."
::'''Esnoir:''' But that doesn't stop their luggage from containing many pretty stones, beautiful art, and seeds!
::{{DIcon}} Wait, and what if they don't wish to return?
::'''Esnoir:''' Why, that is their prerogative! But no matter what, the radiance of the Brickstacks Lighthouse shall shine upon the distant places where the stars fall.
::'''Esnoir:''' So long as they are willing, anyone may follow that light back to our village at any time.
::'''Paimon:''' Where the stars fall... That almost sounds like you're trying to go explore beyond this world...
::'''Paimon:''' So that's... Eh? {{Traveler}}? What's with that frown?
::{{DIcon}} I wonder what becomes of them once they depart...
::'''Esnoir:''' I am no venturer, so I know not. Were Rozel still here, you could have asked him.
::'''Esnoir:''' He is the boldest, most inquisitive of our venturers. By dint of the windmill mounted on his ship, he sojourns to places most distant each time &mdash; to lands where even the light may fail, and yet, he always returns.
::'''Esnoir:''' According to the plan he as he related it to me, he should have already returned several days ago. I fear he may have utterly lost his way, like my other wayfaring neighbors...
::'''Esnoir:''' Alright! I've rested enough. Now is the time to get our lighthouse back on its feet to shine once more! All our venturers await its guiding radiance to bring them home, after all!
::'''Esnoir:''' Dear guest, could I please seek your aid in getting our lighthouse back on his feet? That way, his light can shine further still, that it may be seen by more of our venturers.
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I'll get it done right this instant.
:::'''Paimon:''' Hey, are you sure about that!? P&mdash;Paimon's not that strong, so... She'll cheer for you while you're at it!
::{{DIcon}} I'm just gonna check out the environs a bit first, don't mind me...
:::'''Paimon:''' Well, even if we had the tools...
:::'''Paimon:''' ...Is it even possible to right it? The lighthouse is so huge...
::'''Esnoir:''' Haha... Does seem a right pickle, doesn't it? Why don't think put our heads together and think of something... Hmm, how about... we tear it down brick by brick, and rebuild it from scratch?
::'''Esnoir:''' No, no. The hook that hung the lamp up has been knocked loose. Just one moment of carelessness... Who knows, it could send {{Color|buzzword|the lamp}} rolling down...
::&nbsp;
:;(After the cutscene)
::'''Paimon:''' When all's said and done, can we really right this lighthouse?
::'''Paimon:''' Let's have a look around either way. Maybe we'll find some clues.
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Esnoir again)
::'''Esnoir:''' How about... We tear it down brick by brick and rebuild a new tower from scratch?
::'''Esnoir:''' Hmm, no, no... That could send {{Color|buzzword|the lamp atop the tower}} rolling right down...
::&nbsp;
:;(Interact with the first point)
::{{DIcon}} Lift As Hard as You Can!!!
::{{Black Screen|As Paimon cheers you on, you settle into a steady stance and tighten up your core, both hands grabbing onto the section of the toppled lighthouse best suited for gripping.<br>Adjust the distance... Breathe in... Stick out your chest... Put your strength into your shoulders... Wait, should it be your shoulders or your back?<br>Well, whatever the case, time to put your back and/or shoulders into it! Heave ho!}}
::{{Black Screen|...As Paimon comforts you and the lighthouse looks on, you let go for now.}}
::{{Black Screen|Just... think of something else already, would you...}}
::&nbsp;
:;(Interact with the second point)
::{{DIcon}} Push Hard!!!
::{{Black Screen|As Paimon cheers you on, you firmly support the lighthouse with your shoulder, plant your feet firmly, and...<br>Heave ho!}}
::{{Black Screen|The toppled tower salutes you stoically (and statically) with its weighty body &mdash; if nothing else, you courageously confronted this challenge.<br>Heave ho, hup!}}
::{{Black Screen|The lighthouse lies resolutely on the ground, silently extending its beneficence to you.}}
::{{Black Screen|Heave ho&mdash; Ack!<br>A dull crack sounds from near your hip, and you fall to the floor. It is only after lengthy and gentle ministrations on Paimon's part that you are again able to rise...}}
::{{Black Screen|Best you think of some other way to do this...}}
::&nbsp;
:;(Interact with the third point)
::{{DIcon}} Haul With All Your Might!!!
::{{Black Screen|After giving much thought as to where your strength would be best applied, you select a brick that seems like a firm handhold.<br>Grabbing onto it, and to the sound of Paimon's cheers, you let loose a burst of tremendous effort to right the toppled tower...<br>}}
::{{Black Screen|...Only to nearly be sent, friendly handhold-brick and all, tumbling off the island. Fortunately, Paimon manages to grab onto your clothes.<br>}}
::{{Black Screen|You... should probably consider an alternative...}}
::&nbsp;
:;(Interact with the lamp)
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! The lamp really came off! I&mdash;It isn't broken now, is it?
::{{DIcon}} C&mdash;Calm down, Paimon! It's still glowing!
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Huh. You're right. But why is it still shining even after being removed?
::{{DIcon}} H... Here, Paimon! Catch!
:::'''Paimon:''' What? Wait! Foisting it on Paimon won't stop us both from getting scolded!
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh, what do we do now... Huh? Wait a minute. Why is this lamp still shining, even after being removed?
::'''Paimon:''' So the reason the lighthouse shone so brightly is that there was a super bright "light" hanging in the lighthouse...
::'''Paimon:''' That said, aren't light sources usually super complex mechanisms?
::'''Paimon:''' Eh, that's not important! Since this one can be removed normally, that works for us!
::'''Paimon:''' Esnoir mentioned earlier that he needs to get the lighthouse standing back up again because he wants to put the light someplace high so more people can see it...
::{{DIcon}} In that case, let's just hang it up somewhere high, right now!
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, that's what Paimon was thinking too! ...Y'know, wouldn't everyone be able to see it if we could hang it up in the sky?
::{{DIcon}} If only there were hooks in the sky to hang it on...
:::'''Paimon:''' It's just like when we hung up stars with [[Navia]]. It's just a shame that we don't have the Aerial Express with us this time...
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps if we had a high-altitude floating island...
::'''Esnoir:''' Hahaha, that's not a bad idea at all!
::'''Paimon:''' O&mdash;Oh, uh, hey there, Esnoir! We didn't break... anything... did we?
::{{DIcon}} L&mdash;Look, the lamp's still glowing...
::{{DIcon}} It doesn't look broken...
::'''Esnoir:''' Why, certainly! If it glows still, it fits the bill.
::'''Esnoir:''' And indeed, you spoke true earlier as well. If we could find a place higher than the lighthouse upon which to mount this lamp, then its light would be all the clearer to see from further away.
::'''Esnoir:''' And as it happens, I do know of an island &mdash; the highest point in the area. Rozel taught me how to survey elevation, and I've already estimated the elevation of all the nearby isles in his absence... You know, to pass the time.
::'''Esnoir:''' If we hung the lamp up there, the light would be visible from far away for sure. That should be enough to allow our venturers to find their way back home.
::{{DIcon}} Well, there we go. A solution to our problem.
::{{DIcon}} Seems like we're pretty bright sparks ourselves, eh?
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe. No way a simple problem like this could stump us!
::'''Paimon:''' That said, this Rozel guy sure knows a lot...
::'''Esnoir:''' Of course. Rozel is the bravest, most inquisitive venturer we have. Not only has he traveled the length and breadth of the world, but he has traveled still further beyond our world on his windmill ship...
::'''Esnoir:''' He often ranges far abroad indeed, even to places where the lamp-light fails to touch. But he's told me that no matter how weak the lamp's light is, he always knows where the lighthouse is, and can follow it back to the village.
::'''Esnoir:''' But now, the lighthouse has collapsed, and the lamp's light has fallen beneath the horizon...
::{{DIcon}} Let's go have a look at that island, shall we?
::{{DIcon}} Let's hang this lamp up high, shall we?
::'''Esnoir:''' I would love to go... But I must stay and keep watch over the lighthouse, for it is the first place venturers come upon returning to the village.
::'''Esnoir:''' Yes, he has collapsed, but I must do all I can to sort things out here. I cannot allow him to receive our returnees all by his lonesome.
::'''Esnoir:''' And then there's Rozel. He has been drifting so far from home for so long &mdash; I absolutely must give him a hug the moment he returns!
::'''Esnoir:''' So please, dear guests! Could you help me hang up the lamp at the highest point possible? I have some savings &mdash; your deed shall not go unrewarded.
::{{DIcon}} Rozel's that awesome, huh?
:::'''Esnoir:''' Of course! He will not sit around and wait for death &mdash; his heart is far too stout for that!
:::'''Esnoir:''' Even should the lamp's light fail utterly, he would drive onward and forward with that windmill, seeking hither and thither for the way back to our village.
:::'''Esnoir:''' So please help me, dear guests &mdash; and Rozel, too.
:::{{DIcon}} Well, at this point, we're not going to say no.
:::'''Esnoir:''' Thank you, thank you! My gratitude and more &mdash; on behalf of my lighthouse, and Rozel too!
:::'''Esnoir:''' I shall be here waiting for him, and for you.
::{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:::'''Esnoir:''' Thank you, thank you! My gratitude and more &mdash; on behalf of my lighthouse, and Rozel too!
:::'''Esnoir:''' I shall be here waiting for him, and for you.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Brickstacks Long-Range Lamp}})

;(If the player interacts with the lamp before talking to Esnoir)
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! The lamp really came off! I&mdash;It isn't broken now, is it?
::{{DIcon}} C&mdash;Calm down, Paimon! It's still glowing!
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Huh. You're right. But why is it still shining even after being removed?
::{{DIcon}} H... Here, Paimon! Catch!
:::'''Paimon:''' What? Hey! Don't just give it to Paimon! Someone's definitely watching this thing &mdash; they're gonna rake us over the coals for sure!
:::'''Paimon:''' Oh, what do we do now... Huh? Wait a minute. Why is this lamp still shining, even after being removed?
::'''Paimon:''' Never mind that for now. Let's put the lamp back before anyone sees us!
::'''Esnoir:''' Please wait, honored guests!
::'''Paimon:''' Uh oh, uh oh, this has gotta be the lightkeeper!
::{{DIcon}} L&mdash;Look, the lamp's still glowing...
::{{DIcon}} It doesn't look broken...
::'''Esnoir:''' No, no, of course not. If anything, dear guests, you've saved me much time and trouble by bringing it down!
::'''Esnoir:''' Ah, yes. I've forgotten to introduce myself. Esnoir is my name, and I am the lighthouse keeper. This here is said lighthouse &mdash; and I greet you on both our behalves.
::'''Esnoir:''' Still, this is a bad time. A while ago, our lighthouse here was felled by a fuming, furious dragon... I'm still trying to figure out how to lift him up again.
::'''Esnoir:''' That way, his light shall shine upon even the most distant of places, that our wayfaring venturers may find their way back to our village.
::'''Esnoir:''' That said, since you've retrieved this lamp, I'm thinking that... if you could mount it somewhere high, its light should be visible even to distant venturers.
::'''Paimon:''' Oh... That makes sense to Paimon!
::{{DIcon}} Let's back up a bit, shall we? What are "venturers," again?
::{{DIcon}} And what do they have to do with the lighthouse?
::'''Esnoir:''' Ah. You two must be new here. They are explorers, wayfarers &mdash; those willing to leave everything behind and travel far abroad.
::'''Esnoir:''' Their journeys take them to the ends of the skies. After all, a mere jaunt over to Constellation Metropole or Rainsong Pond requires no lighthouse to show the way.
::'''Esnoir:''' And so venturers board their little boats and set sail for where the stars set &mdash; or perhaps the other end of the rainbow.
::'''Esnoir:''' When they wish to return, this lighthouse shall be their guide.
::'''Esnoir:''' When they return, some venturers have grown most strange, mumbling ceaselessly about "value" and "suitability."
::'''Esnoir:''' But that doesn't stop their luggage from containing many pretty stones, beautiful art, and seeds!
::{{DIcon}} Wait, and what if they don't wish to return?
::'''Esnoir:''' Why, that is their prerogative! No matter what, the radiance of the Brickstacks Lighthouse shall shine upon the distant places where the stars fall.
::'''Esnoir:''' So long as they are willing, anyone may follow that light back to our village at any time. But now that the lighthouse has fallen, his lamplight cannot cross those vast distances...
::'''Esnoir:''' My friend, Rozel, just set off a few days ago. He must surely have gotten utterly lost now, just like all our other venturers.
::'''Esnoir:''' I wish to set this lighthouse back up. But he remains unmoving, even with the entire village working together. But now... You've managed to take down the lamp.
::{{DIcon}} If this lamp remains lit even after being removed...
::{{DIcon}} Why don't we just hang it up somewhere high?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh... You're right! If we do that, the lamp's light will definitely be visible, even at a distance.
::{{DIcon}} If only there were hooks in the sky to hang it on...
:::'''Paimon:''' It's just like when we hung up stars with Navia. It's just a shame that we don't have the Aerial Express with us this time...
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps if we had a high-altitude floating island...
::'''Esnoir:''' And as it happens, I do know of an island &mdash; the highest point in the area. Rozel taught me how to survey elevation, and I've already estimated the elevation of all the nearby isles in his absence... You know, to pass the time.
::'''Esnoir:''' If we hung the lamp up there, the light would be visible from far away for sure. That should be enough to allow our venturers to find their way back home.
::'''Paimon:''' That said, this Rozel guy sure knows a lot...
::'''Esnoir:''' Of course. Rozel is the bravest, most inquisitive venturer we have. Not only has he traveled the length and breadth of the world, but he has traveled still further beyond our world on his windmill ship...
::'''Esnoir:''' He often ranges far abroad indeed, even to places where the lamp-light fails to touch. But he's told me that no matter how weak the lamp's light is, he always knows where the lighthouse is, and can follow it back to the village.
::{{DIcon}} Let's go have a look at that island, shall we?
::{{DIcon}} Let's hang this lamp up high, shall we?
::'''Esnoir:''' I&mdash;I would love to go... But I must stay and keep watch over the lighthouse, for it is the first place venturers come upon returning to the village.
::'''Esnoir:''' Yes, he has collapsed, but I must do all I can to sort things out here. I cannot allow him to receive our returnees all by his lonesome.
::'''Esnoir:''' And then there's Rozel. He has been drifting so far from home for so long &mdash; I absolutely must give him a hug the moment he returns!
::'''Esnoir:''' So please, dear guests! Could you help me hang up the lamp at the highest point possible? I have some savings &mdash; your deed shall not go unrewarded.
::{{DIcon}} Rozel's that awesome, huh?
:::'''Esnoir:''' Of course! He will not sit around and wait for death &mdash; his heart is far too stout for that!
:::'''Esnoir:''' Even should the lamp's light fail utterly, he would use his windmill to seek hither and thither for the way back to our village.
:::'''Esnoir:''' So please help me, dear guests &mdash; and Rozel, too.
:::{{DIcon}} Well, at this point, we're not going to say no.
::{{DIcon}} Don't worry. Leave this to me.
::'''Esnoir:''' Thank you, thank you! My gratitude and more &mdash; on behalf of my lighthouse, and Rozel too!
::'''Esnoir:''' I shall be here waiting for him, and for you.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Brickstacks Long-Range Lamp}})
----
;(Talk to Esnoir, optional)
:'''Esnoir:''' Dear guests, you've returned.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you still guarding the lighthouse?
::'''Esnoir:''' Well, he is the first place venturers come to upon returning to the village.
::'''Esnoir:''' Yes, he has collapsed, but I must do all I can to sort things out here. I cannot allow him to receive our returnees all by his lonesome.
::'''Esnoir:''' And then there's Rozel. He has been drifting so far from home for so long &mdash; I absolutely must give him a hug the moment he returns!
::'''Esnoir:''' So please, help me, dear guests &mdash; I will be here waiting for him, and for you too!
:{{DIcon}} Tell me, what are venturers again?
::'''Esnoir:''' Venturers are explorers and wayfarers. They are those who are willing to leave everything behind and travel far abroad.
::'''Esnoir:''' The distant places they wish to venture to include the far edge of starfalls, the other side of the rainbow.
::'''Esnoir:''' And when they wish to return, this lighthouse is their only guide.
::'''Esnoir:''' Traveling abroad is a good thing, of this there is no doubt. Yet there are some venturers who return from their travels changed.
::'''Esnoir:''' Some mumble constantly about "value," and when they see a beautiful hat, they immediately ask how much it costs and what materials it's made from...
::'''Esnoir:''' It's almost as if they cannot see the flower in that hat or the beautiful patterns woven into it.
::'''Esnoir:''' Rozel says that it is because the many things venturers have seen color them, like ponds into which paint has been thrown.
::'''Esnoir:''' I asked if it was a good or a bad thing, but he merely called it change &mdash; and that change is neither good nor bad.
::'''Esnoir:''' I must confess that I simply do not understand...
:{{DIcon}} Mind telling me more about Rozel?
::'''Esnoir:''' Rozel was my neighbor. We'd chat, have tea, and play games together every day.
::'''Esnoir:''' But one day, he told me that he wished to become a venturer, and soon, he began his travels.
::'''Esnoir:''' First, he traveled the entire world, going to Constellation Metropole, Rainsong Pond, and the Forest of Blessings.
::'''Esnoir:''' After that, he wanted to go still further abroad. So he built himself a little boat, planning to set sail for the far edge, where the stars fall.
::'''Esnoir:''' He asked me to journey with him, but... I did not board. All I did was make him a windmill.
::'''Esnoir:''' That way, he would at least sail faster while out at sea, and thus when it came time to return, his would be all the more swift.
::'''Esnoir:''' Right! Rozel is unlike other venturers. He knows how to wear a hat and the reason why houses exist.
:{{DIcon}} See you.
::'''Esnoir:''' See you, honored guests! I shall be here waiting for Rozel, and for you.
----
;(Approach the tree)
:'''Paimon:''' Here's the island Esnoir was talking about &mdash; Y'know, that tree over there looks like it'd be just perfect for hanging for the lamp!
:'''Paimon:''' There's someone under it, too. Could it be the person assigned to take care of the tree? Let's go ask.

;(Approach Panuelle)
:'''Panuelle:''' Chauvigne... Why are you still angry? *sigh* Perhaps you really shouldn't have ventured outside...
:'''Paimon:''' Err, hello there. Did you plant this tree? We'd like to, uh...
:{{DIcon}} We'd like to decorate it a bit.
::'''Paimon:''' That is to say, "hang a lamp on it."
:{{DIcon}} We'd like to hang a lamp on this tree.
:'''Panuelle:''' A lamp? Well, putting one up would be nice. Some warm light might do Chauvigne's mood some good. Might even put us on speaking terms again!
:'''Panuelle:''' Please do lend us a hand then &mdash; and if I may lend you one in turn, just say the word and it shall be so.
:'''Paimon:''' Nice! Smooth sailing so far, eh, {{Traveler}}? C'mon, let's get this lamp hung up.

;(Talk to Panuelle again, optional)
:'''Panuelle:''' You mean to climb this tree? Well, be careful, then.
:'''Panuelle:''' Stepping on those smashed stone fragments after falling out of it would be quite unpleasant.

;(Hang the lamp on the tree)<!--{{DIcon|Hand}} Hang-->
:'''Paimon:''' That should do it! The light should shine far and wide now.
:{{DIcon}} Not that anything's happened yet.
:{{DIcon}} Err... Okay, so what do we do now?
:'''Paimon:''' We wait, of course! Maybe those venturers have seen the light already, and are on the way back as we speak.
:;(They wait)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh... Nothing's happened. Not a person has returned.
:'''Panuelle:''' Hello, you two. Not to disturb you or anything, but what were you intending to do by hanging that light up again?
:{{DIcon}} Well, long story short...
:{{Black Screen|You tell Panuelle what happened...}}
:'''Panuelle:''' I see. I've heard about the issue with Esnoir and the lighthouse as well, and this idea is a good one. However...
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps we could hang it up still higher.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, it's not like we can literally hang it up in the sky, can we?
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, fly that lamp way way up, would you?
::'''Paimon:''' And how long is Paimon supposed to stay up there, huh? We don't even know what the ideal elevation is &mdash; it's not like we can take measurements every few meters or something!
::'''Paimon:''' Ugh... If only there really was a hook in the sky for us to hang that lamp on...
:'''Panuelle:''' Hanging the lamp up in the sky... That could, perhaps, be possible.
:{{DIcon}} See? Told you there was a way!
:{{DIcon}} So, is there such a place to hang the lamp?
:'''Panuelle:''' Please, let me finish! This idea of mine may not actually work...
:'''Panuelle:''' The Whispering Isle is not far from here. If a gift is offered unto the [[Andersdotter|goddess]] on that island, she will grant the supplicant their wish...
:{{DIcon}} Woah, that's some island!
:'''Paimon:''' Righto! So, let's take this lamp on over to that Whispering Isle and see what the deal is!
:'''Panuelle:''' That said, I do not know if that goddess still hears our wishes...
:'''Panuelle:''' I've been to that island to offer gifts, but my wishes were not granted. Perhaps something's gone wrong somewhere...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What did you wish for?
:'''Panuelle:''' My wish was a simple one &mdash; to be friends with Chauvigne forever...
;(A flashback begins)
:'''Panuelle:''' We used to live here together, taking care of this tree, drinking tea, and chatting...
:'''Panuelle:''' He once set off on a long journey, and when he returned, he was almost unrecognizable. Not that it should've mattered! We were still friends, I thought. We'd understand one another!
:'''Panuelle:''' But he grew stranger and stranger, his days filled with odd mumblings and melancholy... He even rejected all my tea party invitations!
:'''Panuelle:''' I feared that he might no longer want to be my friend, so I made plans to go to the Whispering Isle and make a wish to the goddess.
:'''Panuelle:''' The oldest legend in our village says that originally, the goddess greatly favored the brave. So long as a valiant person were to bring her a gift as proof of their courage, she would respond to them...
:'''Panuelle:''' But... I feared that she would not bestow her favor upon me, and so I brought a dragon scale with me.
;(Flashback ends)
:'''Panuelle:''' Do you know about the giant dragon that suddenly emerged from the toytanium mines?
:'''Panuelle:''' It flattened a great many homes and even mashed that mountain... Now, our venturers can no longer repair their boats or make tools there, and have had to change from whence they embark on their adventures...
:'''Panuelle:''' That mountain is just over there, but nowadays, he's as broken as the Broken Sea itself.
:'''Panuelle:''' We've constantly tried to chase the dragon away and defend our village!
:'''Panuelle:''' Whenever it flew above our village, we would grab chairs, tables, forks, and spoons with which to chase it away.
:{{DIcon}} Seems as if you've succeeded thus far.
:{{DIcon}} We should prepare a few utensils ourselves!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, it's not like that dragon's made of bread or butter or something. Forks and spoons wouldn't do squat to it!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, whatever the case may be, at least that dragon hasn't come back to set fire to the village or roll over it or anything like that.
;(If the player has not completed Until the End of the World)
::{{DIcon}} You could even say that...
::{{DIcon}} This dragon might even be pretty reasonable.
::'''Panuelle:''' In any case, while we were chasing the dragon away, a couple of its scales did fall off... proof that we did what we said we did!
::'''Panuelle:''' I believed that the scale I took could prove my courage, and my neighbors thought so too.
;(If the player has completed Until the End of the World)
::{{DIcon}} Mini Durin's no evil dragon!
::{{DIcon}} He just wants to be friends with everyone.
::'''Panuelle:''' ...Is that so? In that case, his way of showing it is... most unexpected. Well, we couldn't understand what he was saying at the time anyway, so all we could do was chase him off.
::'''Panuelle:''' When he left, he left behind a scale... I believed that it could prove my courage, and my neighbors thought so too.
:'''Panuelle:''' And when I put the scale before the statue of the goddess, it began to glow with an awesome light!
:'''Panuelle:''' I thought that this meant the goddess acknowledged my wish and was about to grant it.
:'''Panuelle:''' But Chauvigne did not change. He still refused to come out of that pot, and he remains as upset as ever.
:'''Panuelle:''' He even advised me to become a venturer and go on a long journey with him... No way am I doing that!
:{{DIcon}} Wait, come out of what "pot" now?
:{{DIcon}} It almost sounds like he's some sort of "potted" flower.
:'''Panuelle:''' That's right. Chauvigne is presently a flower in a pot.
:'''Panuelle:''' I mean, that's pretty alright, isn't it? He can live next to the tree, and I can take care of him, water him, drink tea, and sing for him.
:'''Panuelle:''' But he always says that no matter where he goes, he must be sure of his place, something he learned from his venturing... and that pot is his place.
:'''Panuelle:''' Coax and cajole as I might, I can't get him out of that pot... The goddess didn't make my wish come true, and I don't know what the matter is...
:'''Panuelle:''' Ah, sorry for going on and on like that. Must've taken up quite a bit of your time there.
:'''Panuelle:''' The Whispering Isle is that way. Perhaps the goddess will be more willing to hear your wish.

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' Alright. Next stop, Whispering Isle! Still, Panuelle said that his friend... is a potted flower...
:'''Paimon:''' But how do you make friends with something like that, anyway? [[A Stormy Friendship|Let's ask him]] when we have some time.
----
;(Approach the island)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, this should be the Whispering Isle. Guess these statues here are meant to represent the goddess, then?
:'''Paimon:''' Though we don't know what kind of offering to give... Let's have a look around first and see what we can find.

;(Interact with the left statue)
:'''Gentle Statue:''' (Offer here your {{Color|buzzword|weapon}} bright, dispel the dense daze as light does night.)

;(Interact with the right statue)
:'''Peaceful Statue:''' (Present you now your {{Color|buzzword|armor}} strong, that guards your heart lest it go wrong.)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the dragon scale that Panuelle used to wish, then?
:{{DIcon}} It can't be retrieved...
::'''Paimon:''' Really? Huh... If nothing else, at least we know he did come here to wish before.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like he really did make a wish.
::'''Paimon:''' Hrrgh... Nope, it's no use. The scale won't come off. Guess the goddess liked the gift after all.

;(Interact with the center statue)
:'''Elegant Statue:''' (Here, make the {{Color|buzzword|wish}} you hold so dear, and the reasons for your prayer you must make clear.)

;(After interacting with all three statues)<!-- more conditional dialogue fun here -->
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, three statues, and it looks like we're gonna have to offer them two more gifts.
:'''Paimon:''' But what should we offer? Paimon hasn't a clue.
:'''Paimon:''' Any thoughts, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} If it should be related to the wish, we should offer that lamp.
:'''Paimon:''' That makes sense! Esnoir's wish is to see this lamp hung high for all to see, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that just about clears "armor," but we don't have any clue where to begin with "weapons."
:'''Paimon:''' It could be a sword, a polearm... There's way too many options.
;(If {{Item|A "Weapon-Like" Dragon Horn}} has not been obtained)
::{{DIcon}} Let me fish out all my weapons from my backpack first.
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh? No, no, hold on! Panuelle placed a dragon's scale here before! So this "weapon" should have something to do with dragons too, right?
:::{{DIcon}} No worries, I have dragon-related weapons too, don't I?
:::'''Paimon:''' Paimon means something related to dragons in *this world.* This. World!
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps the two gifts we need have to do with dragons.
:::'''Paimon:''' That makes sense. Panuelle's dragon scale must have been the "armor."
:::'''Paimon:''' That means the "weapon" must also have something to do with dragons.
::'''Paimon:''' And that might be true enough, but...
:;(If the player has completed Until the End of the World)
::{{DIcon}} Why don't we go talk this one out with Mini Durin?
:::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Eh, Paimon thinks we'd better not. What are we gonna say, anyway? "Oh, could you spare us some scales, or a horn, pretty please?"
:::'''Paimon:''' That just... doesn't seem very polite...
::{{DIcon}} Let's head over to the mountain the dragon destroyed first, shall we?
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we're not doing anything sitting around here and thinking. Panuelle said that the dragon crashed into that mountain and smashed it, right?
::'''Paimon:''' If we're lucky, we might find some draconic bits and bobs &mdash; teeth, horns, or maybe other stuff like that...
::{{DIcon}} Ho, now those sure sound like weapons!
::'''Paimon:''' Right? Let's go, then! And let's hope that mountain isn't as "broken" as he said...
::'''Paimon:''' That said, Whispering Isle is pretty big, huh? The three goddess statues up there are huge, too.
::'''Paimon:''' If this was an ordinary adventure story, there would be mysterious treasures hidden under the statues or something.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe... On that note, think we should take a closer look around? You never know when we'll find something nice.
::{{DIcon}} I've got no problem taking a little stroll.
::{{DIcon}} The goddess probably won't mind, will she...
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Uh... We'll just be careful &mdash; "see" instead of "touch," much less "break"!
::'''Paimon:''' It's settled, then! As to whether we're going treasure-hunting or "weapon"-finding first... Well, that's up to you!
:;(Continue to next section)
;(If A "Weapon-Like" Dragon Horn was already obtained)
::{{DIcon}} The statue of the goddess reacted to the dragon scale...
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps the two gifts we need have to do with dragons.
::'''Paimon:''' Dragon-related stuff... Hang on. Didn't we pick up something that resembles a horn from inside that mountain?
::{{DIcon}} That's right, and it looked like...
::'''Paimon:''' Like a sword! That's gotta be the "weapon" we're looking for!
::'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That sounds sensible, and looks sensible too!
::{{DIcon}} The point is, the whole idea is most sensible!
::'''Paimon:''' On point! The problem is, though, that Panuelle's wish wasn't granted even after making a wish using the dragon scale...
::'''Paimon:''' But the scale and horn are our only clues right now, so we may as well give it a try.
::'''Paimon:''' That said, Whispering Isle is pretty big, huh? The three goddess statues up there are huge, too.
::'''Paimon:''' If this was an ordinary adventure story, there would be mysterious treasures hidden under the statues or something.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe... On that note, think we should take a closer look around? You never know when we'll find something nice.
::{{DIcon}} I've got no problem taking a little stroll.
::{{DIcon}} The goddess probably won't mind, will she...
:::'''Paimon:''' Eh? Uh... We'll just be careful &mdash; "see" instead of "touch," much less "break"!
::'''Paimon:''' Besides, we've already found the "weapon," haven't we?
::'''Paimon:''' It's settled, then! As to whether we're going treasure-hunting or wishing-to-the-goddess first... Well, that's up to you!
:;(Skip next section)
----
;(Approach the toytanium mines)
:'''Paimon:''' This fissure's huge! Ramming through this must've hurt the dragon a lot...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's look around carefully. Paimon sure hopes we find something...

;(Enter the cave)
:'''Paimon:''' Look at that! Is that... a sword? No, it can't be. There wouldn't be swords like that...
:'''Paimon:''' But... We just so happen to be looking for a "weapon," so let's try to find a way to grab it. If nothing else, it might help point the way forward.

;(After defeating all three sets of enemies)
:'''Paimon:''' Where did all these slimes come from? And this sword that can't be pulled out... {{Color|buzzword|Let's have a look around}}, maybe we'll find some clues...

;(Talk to the gopher)
:{{DIcon}} About that "sword"...
:;(The gopher pops up from underneath the sword)
;(If the player talks to the gopher before completing step 6)
::'''Paimon:''' Is this... {{Color|buzzword|a sword}}? Uh... Looks a bit... weird...
:;(Obtain {{Item|A "Weapon-Like" Dragon Horn}})

;(If the player talks to the gopher after completing step 6)
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, the sword's come out... G&mdash;Guess we've got these gophers to thank, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' This sure is a mysterious place... But either way, we've got the sword, so all's well.
::{{DIcon}} Rather than a sword...
::{{DIcon}} I must say that this feels more like a... horn.
::'''Paimon:''' A horn? You mean like one from that dragon?
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm. If scales are a dragon's "armor," then we could consider horns its "weapons"...
::'''Paimon:''' Not that we've found any other clues, anyway. Let's go back and offer it to that goddess. And then we've just gotta hope that she likes our gifts...
:;(Obtain {{Item|A "Weapon-Like" Dragon Horn}})

;(Talk to the gopher again, optional)
:{{DIcon}} Thank... you...?
----
;(Interact with the left statue)
:'''Gentle Statue:''' (Offer here your {{Color|buzzword|weapon}} bright, dispel the dense daze as light does night.)
:;(Open item submission screen)
:;(Submit A "Weapon-Like" Dragon Horn)

;(Interact with the left statue again, optional)
:'''Gentle Statue:''' (Offer here your {{Color|buzzword|weapon}} bright, dispel the dense daze as light does night.)

;(Interact with the right statue, optional)
:'''Peaceful Statue:''' (Present you now your {{Color|buzzword|armor}} strong, that guards your heart lest it go wrong.)

;(Interact with the center statue)
:'''Elegant Statue:''' (Here, make the {{Color|buzzword|wish}} you hold so dear, and the reasons for your prayer you must make clear.)
:;(Open item submission screen)
:;(Submit Brickstacks Long-Range Lamp)

;(Interact with the center statue again, optional)
:'''Elegant Statue:''' (Here, make the {{Color|buzzword|wish}} you hold so dear, and the reasons for your prayer you must make clear.)

;(After submitting the sword and lamp)
;(A cutscene plays)
:;(The long-range lamp floats into the sky, glows brightly, and transforms into the moon)
:;(A venturer ship approaches from the distance)
:;(The Traveler and Paimon wave at the ship)
:;(Rozel, the pilot, picks them up and brings them to the lighthouse)
:;(Cutscene ends)
<!-- black screen transition -->
:'''Rozel:''' Esnoir! Oh, it's good to see you! I knew I could trust you... and the light that you shone my way!
:'''Esnoir:''' I gave you my word, dear friend &mdash; and now, you're back. As for the light, however, you have our two guests to thank.
:'''Rozel:''' Skies above, that was you, then? I thought you had been stranded on that island when I saw you on my return trip, which is why I invited you onboard...
:'''Rozel:''' Words fail to describe how thankful I am to you. Had that radiance not reached my ship, I'm sure I would have been utterly lost at sea.
:'''Rozel:''' Also... What happened to your lighthouse, Esnoir? What happened to this place? What exactly did I miss?
:{{Black Screen|Esnoir gesticulates wildly as he explains the events that transpired to Rozel...}}
:'''Rozel:''' A dragon crashed into the village &mdash; and another into the waterfall behind it?
:'''Rozel:''' That... really is a lot. I'm going to have to ask you to give me all the details when you've got the time.
:'''Esnoir:''' Well, I have the time right now &mdash; I have time any time, in fact! I've managed to clean up a little area where we can have some tea and cakes... and enjoy the fragrance of the flowers while we're at it.
:'''Rozel:''' Really? Then that would be no problem at all. In fact, I've been looking forward to this. I'll show you the new samples I've collected, too.
:'''Rozel:''' You will not believe all the different types of flowers and bugs I've encountered. It's just a shame that my bag is so small &mdash; I shall bring a larger one next time for sure!
:'''Esnoir:''' Next time... You'll leave again, I presume?
:'''Rozel:''' ...Do not worry. Our time together is lengthy still, Esnoir. The time we have now is more than sufficient for me to tell you about all the new things I've seen, I assure you.
:{{DIcon}} Are you going back out "venturing"?
:'''Rozel:''' Yes. I am a venturer. To venture is my calling.
:'''Esnoir:''' Don't go, Rozel! Have you not noticed how some of your colleagues become... strange when they return?
:'''Esnoir:''' They fret about the "value" of carpets and hats... but not at all about which is more beautiful or intricately made...
:'''Rozel:''' ...Don't be angry, Esnoir. We can speak about this later.
:'''Rozel:''' I brought you flower seeds from outside &mdash; ones with contours and colors I'm sure you've never seen before.
:'''Rozel:''' Ah, yes. Dear guests, you too should take some of these marvelous new gifts I've obtained from outside. Consider them a token of my gratitude.
:'''Rozel:''' Thank you for lighting the way for my ship, and also for taking care of Esnoir.
:'''Rozel:''' Now that the light illuminates the way, I'm sure the other venturers will also begin returning to the village.
:'''Rozel:''' I hope they can rest well. After all, there all many "far off places" that await their exploration still.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Post-Quest Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Esnoir and Rozel)
:'''Esnoir:''' No matter how many times you ask, Rozel, I will not go out venturing with you.
:'''Esnoir:''' You're my friend, yes, and that will never change. I do not dislike you. But... I do not enjoy traveling.
:'''Rozel:''' Esnoir. It is nowhere near as frightening as you imagine. It's just a trip, that's all.
:'''Rozel:''' The outside world plays host to many flowers that cannot be found in our village and many people we've never met &mdash; even the shapes of the clouds are different there.
:'''Rozel:''' Remember the seed I brought you from outside? I can guarantee that you've never seen any flower with its shape or color before.
:'''Esnoir:''' It's still a seed now. I'll plant it, and then we'll see.
:'''Rozel:''' If you're willing to go with me, we might be able to see this flower with our own eyes.
:'''Esnoir:''' Rozel... I'm sorry, I have no wish to travel abroad, nor do I want to become like those venturers.
:'''Esnoir:''' They always fret about the value of carpets, and pay no mind to beautiful hats...
:'''Esnoir:''' This is how your travels change you, and it scares me.
:'''Rozel:''' That is true. But have you noticed the maps, the plant samples, and the travelogues that fill their luggage to bursting?
:'''Rozel:''' We surge through different bushes and shrubs like a gust of wind, like rivers passing through another lake... We encounter different things, and we, too, become different people.
:'''Rozel:''' This is how travel changes you, and it scares me too... But I'm thankful for those changes as well.
:'''Rozel:''' I'd compare it to a slice of bread with cream slathered on both sides. You're going to make a mess no matter how carefully you try to hold it.
:'''Esnoir:''' In that case, I'd spread the cream on separately. That way, I can even smear on different flavors.
:{{DIcon}} Not a bad call. I'm sure it'll be a filling meal.
:{{DIcon}} Not a bad idea. That should keep your hands clean.
:'''Esnoir:''' Ah, it's you, here at last! Rozel has been telling me how wonderful the outside world is, inviting me along to venture...
:'''Esnoir:''' Do you know much of that world? Is it... as he says it is?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, it is. In the {{Color|help|outside world}}, there's no lack of new things to discover.
::'''Paimon:''' Right! There's lots to eat, and many fun things to do, and you'll even get to encounter many interesting things and awesome people. For example...
::{{DIcon}} You'll find those who focus on the beautiful essence of all things.
::{{DIcon}} You'll bear witness to radiant, unfading ideals.
::{{DIcon}} You'll get to meet those who work hard to realize their dreams.
::'''Esnoir:''' Really? Dear me. I'd believed the outside world to only be conscious of "value," and to be full of those who wish to wear hats but dare not.
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, well, you can think of it... Like a cake with various chocolates scattered on top! Every bite's a whole new experience.
::'''Paimon:''' That's way better than having all the chocs taste the same &mdash; 'cause that would make for a super ordinary cake, right?
::{{DIcon}} Well said, Paimon, well said.
::{{DIcon}} You've mastered the local lingo, I see.
::'''Paimon:''' Well, who wouldn't after listening to it for this long?
::'''Esnoir:''' Is that so? Well, I... I'll need more time to think about this. But perhaps a little... Just a little venturing couldn't hurt, surely?
::'''Rozel:''' No need to rush into things, Esnoir. There is still much time before my next voyage. Until then, let us consider this issue together.
:{{DIcon}} The {{Color|help|world inside}} isn't too bad.
::'''Paimon:''' That's true. This is your home, after all, Esnoir. Paimon's sure you like it here. Also...
::{{DIcon}} Friends you are familiar with live here.
::{{DIcon}} There are many pretty flowers...
::{{DIcon}} And delicious cakes.
::'''Esnoir:''' Indeed! I worry about losing these, and I fret about them constantly.
::'''Esnoir:''' This is all good. Wonderful, even. I have no wish for them to change, nor do I wish to change.
::'''Esnoir:''' But... Venturing abroad will cause everything to change. Won't it? Rozel?
::'''Rozel:''' Yes. It definitely will. I will not deceive you, nor do I wish to sadden you, dear Esnoir.
::'''Esnoir:''' Alright... Alright. I understand where you're coming from, as I'm sure you do me.
::'''Esnoir:''' I need time to consider your invitation before making my decision. If nothing else, let us simply enjoy this spot of tea in peace.
::'''Rozel:''' Alright. I will accompany you, Esnoir. There is still much time before my next voyage. Until then, let us consider this issue together.
----
;(If the player chose "the {{Color|help|outside world}}")
:;(Talk to Esnoir and Rozel again)
::'''Esnoir:''' Rozel, maybe... I can go with you. But... I just don't know where to even begin preparing.
::'''Rozel:''' That's easy. Prepare your jam, bread, and curiosity. Put on some comfortable clothes, and bring a spare set as well.
::'''Rozel:''' Finally, prepare yourself &mdash; Because you might have to throw some of those things out along the way.
::'''Esnoir:''' Oh. It all sounds so complicated. And I don't want to throw them away, because they're mine, they're precious, and I like them.
::'''Rozel:''' And you'll discover new precious things after those leave you, my dear Esnoir.
::'''Rozel:''' Believe me, this will be a fascinating journey.
::&nbsp;
:;(Interact with the Messily-Written Letter left behind at the swing by the lighthouse after passing one in-game day)
::'''Messily-Written Letter:''' "This letter is for my neighbors, my friends, the lighthouse, and the little flower."
::'''Messily-Written Letter:''' "I'm about to go out a-venturing with Rozel. Please feel free to use my swing, table, and stool."
::'''Messily-Written Letter:''' "I wish you all the best."
::'''Messily-Written Letter:''' "Your neighbor, Esnoir."
::&nbsp;
:;(Approach the objects to the right of [[Lepaute Horlogerie]] in [[Court of Fontaine]])
::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Clock:''' Wh&mdash;Where are we? Rozel?
::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Box:''' This is just one stop on our journey.

;(If the player chose "the {{Color|help|world inside}}")
:;(Talk to Esnoir and Rozel again)
::'''Esnoir:''' I'm sorry, Rozel. I... still can't go with you.
::'''Esnoir:''' It's enough for me to stay here. That way, there will be someone here waiting for you when you come back from venturing.
::'''Rozel:''' But, Esnoir, I...
::'''Esnoir:''' I'm not smart enough, nor brave enough, Rozel. But I believe...
::'''Esnoir:''' I believe that the breeze rustles through the brush, the rivers run through the lakes, and the cycle begins anew. That in the end, all returns to where it began.
::'''Esnoir:''' Perhaps, after experiencing so many changes, their final wish is still... to go back to being their old selves.
::'''Rozel:''' ...
::'''Esnoir:''' I will wait for you here, at home, my friend. As I ever have.
::&nbsp;
:;(Talk to Esnoir at the swing by the lighthouse after passing one in-game day)
::'''Esnoir:''' ...I do hope that "change" will come a bit more slowly.
::&nbsp;
:;(Approach the objects to the right of Lepaute Horlogerie in Court of Fontaine)
::{{DIcon|Idle}} '''Clock:''' Alright, Esnoir, alright...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/aUk77IGKmtg
|caption1 = Towards the Lighthouse, or Far Away Guide}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Towards the Lighthouse, or Far Away
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = Xingzhe Dngt, hush Yunfng
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = Xingzhe Dngt, hush Yunfng
|zh_tl    = Towards the Lighthouse, or Far Away
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = Toudai he, Arui wa Achira he...
|ja_tl    = Towards the Lighthouse or That Way...
|ko       =      
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Hacia el faro o hacia el horizonte
|es_tl    = Towards the Lighthouse or Towards the Horizon
|fr       = Vers le phare, ou au loin
|fr_tl    = Towards the Lighthouse, or Far Away
|ru       =    
|ru_tl    = Towards the Lighthouse, or Into the Distance
|th       = 
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Hng V Hi ng, Hoc L Phng Xa
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Zum Leuchtturm, oder in die Ferne
|de_tl    = Towards the Lighthouse, or Far Away
|id       = Ke Mercusuar, Atau ke Tempat Jauh
|id_tl    = Towards the Lighthouse, or a Faraway Place
|pt       = Em Direo ao Farol, ou Para Longe
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Rotamz Ya Fener Ya Uzaklar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Verso il faro o verso l'orizzonte
|it_tl    = Towards the Lighthouse or Towards the Horizon
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.8}}

[[ru:   ]]
[[pt-br:Em Direo ao Farol, ou Para Longe]]