{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = narukami Island
|event_name    = Thunder Sojourn
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 50
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
* Unlocks Act 2 of [[Thunder Sojourn]] - [[Thunder Sojourn/Lightning Round|Lightning Round]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Muzhen
}}
'''Tracking the Thunder''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the Act 2 of the [[Thunder Sojourn]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Muzhen]]
# Go to the Electro anomaly and complete the challenge
## Defeat 6 opponents

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Previous findings have caused [[Muzhen]]'s research to make progress, but research is an ongoing process...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Muzhen)
:'''Muzhen:''' Traveler, you've returned!
:'''Muzhen:''' I had a look at the crystals you brought back earlier. They seem rather... "young."
:'''Muzhen:''' By that, I mean that they come from rather recent elemental crystallizations... To strike a comparison, this is but a slightly deeper footprint recently left in the snow.
:'''Muzhen:''' So this time, I'd like you to look for footprints that are more "shallow"... and follow them to their source!
:'''Muzhen:''' When I say "shallow footprints," I mean deposits of Electro elements that have condensed to a certain extent near the ground.
:'''Muzhen:''' If we are able to obtain sufficient samples of that for comparison, we should be able to draw a general route map.
:'''Paimon:''' Shallow and deep footprints... route maps... Paimon's got no idea what you're on about.
:{{DIcon}} It is rather complicated...
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, maybe my analogy wasn't the best, but I think you'll figure it out just fine once you're there!
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, guess that's all for the chit-chat. Time to get moving!

;(Talk to Muzhen again)
:'''Muzhen:''' At this point, we've got enough to determine the general area in which these Ruin machines are located. But we still can't pinpoint their precise location.
:{{DIcon}} How's the view from the shore?
::'''Muzhen:''' You mean from here? Well, it's certainly wider than it was below deck. It's not bad.
::'''Muzhen:''' Still, I'm not very fond of the air here. It's just missing that little "something" that I usually have below deck. I swear it's making my brain work slower.
::'''Muzhen:''' The shore's good for a view, but not great for thinking.
:{{DIcon}} How's your research coming along?
::'''Muzhen:''' Not great. Well, I'm stuck, to be honest.
:'''Muzhen:''' Which is why I'm just wringing my hands over here. Guess the rest is up to you!
:'''Paimon:''' Gee, this lady couldn't beg and plead to save her life!
:'''Muzhen:''' Hehe~
----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the place Muzhen was talking about...
;(Interacting with the 'challenge')
:'''''Lightning Round &mdash; Gameplay Tutorial'''''
:: During the Thunder Sojourn event, Travelers can activate mechanisms to enter the Lightning Round challenge. After starting the challenge, Travelers will need to defeat all opponents within the time limit.
:: During the Lightning Round challenge, you will encounter the special Thunder Dwelling. Characters in proximity to the Thunder Dwelling who are carrying '''Electrograna''', are '''affected by Electro''', or '''use an Electro attack on it''' will charge the dwelling's energy.
:: Once the Thunder Dwelling is fully charged, it will release a Thunder Shock, dealing Electro DMG to all characters and opponents present on the battlefield. If the Thunder Shock hits an opponent, it will cause them take more DMG for a period of time. The Thunder Dwelling will be unable to recharge for a brief period after unleashing its Thunder Shock.
:: An '''Electrogranum''' can absorb the DMG dealt by a Thunder Shock hit.
;(Quest ends upon completion of the challenge)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tracking the Thunder
|zhs     = 追随鸣雷的踪迹
|zhs_rm  = Zhuīsuí Míngléi de Zōngjī
|zht     = 追隨鳴雷的蹤跡
|zht_rm  = Zhuīsuí Míngléi de Zōngjī
|zh_tl   = Following the Thunder's Trail
|ja      = 雷鳴をたどる
|ja_rm   = Raimei wo Tadoru
|ja_tl   = Following the Thunder
|ko      = 뇌명의 흔적을 찾아
|ko_rm   = Noemyeong-ui Heunjeok-eul Chaja
|ko_tl   = Following the Trace of Thunder
|es      = Persiguiendo la tormenta
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = À la poursuite du tonnerre
|fr_tl   = In Pursuit of the Thunder
|ru      = Отслеживание грома
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ตามรอยสายฟ้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đi theo dấu tích của tiếng sấm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Dem Donner nachspüren
|de_tl   = Track Down The Thunder
|id      = Melacak Petir
|id_tl   = Tracking the Thunder
|pt      = Rastreando o Trovão
|pt_tl   = Tracking the Thunder
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
[[pt-br:Rastreando o Trovão]]