{{Stub|Check if Kachina has conditional dialogue<!-- it seems like she does -->}}
{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = Flow's True Form
|subpage2 = Blazing Extremes
|subpage3 = Of Aspects Vivid
}}

==Avant-Garde Graffiti Visionary!==
{{Transclude|Avant-Garde Graffiti Visionary!|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==On the Graffiti Road==
{{Transclude|On the Graffiti Road|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Open-World Dialogue==
===Location 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the [[Traces of Artistry/Flow's True Form#II - Flow of Lines|Flow of Lines]] Challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, who's that over there? Paimon thinks we should go take a closer look!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Kachina====
{{Stub|Verify which exact quest is the trigger for the second version of dialogue; most likely [[Into Eternal Night]] or [[Past and Future]], but which one?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame (Quest)|Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]] has not been completed or [[Into Eternal Night]] has been completed)
:;(Talk to Kachina)
::'''Paimon:''' Huh. Kachina, is that you?
:;(If [[Into Eternal Night]] has not been completed)
:::'''Kachina:''' {{Traveler}}? Paimon? Huh, didn't expect to see you here!
:::'''Kachina:''' Wait, are you here on some sort of super-awesome commission? Is it about the Spiritway over there?
:;(If Into Eternal Night has been completed)
:::'''Kachina:''' {{Traveler}}? Paimon? Well, I sure didn't expect to see you here!
:::'''Kachina:''' Considering your skills, you must be here on some crazy commission. Something to do with that Spiritway over there, maybe?
::{{DIcon}} Our present commission is pretty awesome, yes.
::{{DIcon}} Our task is a bit abstract, but it's interesting all the same.
::'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, the person who commissioned us is also from the Children of Echoes. Maybe you know each other...
::{{Black Screen|You describe your encounter with "Dopey Dazzler," her views on graffiti, and her invitation for you to study avant-garde thought...}}
:;(If Into Eternal Night has not been completed)
:::'''Kachina:''' Oh, so that's who you met? I know her.
:;(If Into Eternal Night has been completed)
:::'''Kachina:''' Ah, the Dopey Dazzler. You could call us friends, hehe...
::'''Kachina:''' She doesn't look like a big deal, quite like me, in fact. But if you get her talking, she can go on forever... If you hang out with her a bit more, you might see a... different side to Natlan, I guess?
::'''Paimon:''' Did you become friends after she invited you to draw graffiti with her as well?
:;(If Into Eternal Night has not been completed)
:::'''Kachina:''' Well, not really? We met by chance...
:;(If Into Eternal Night has been completed)
:::'''Kachina:''' Graffiti's one of the reasons we're friends... But I guess it's better to say that it was a happy coincidence?
::'''Kachina:''' That was a long time ago. I was buying fruit at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame with my parents, and there she was, sitting at the paint shop entrance, watching as Acat blended paints.
::'''Kachina:''' She would sit there for half a day, almost, not moving a muscle, as though she could see something special in all those different colors.
::'''Kachina:''' She was so focused at that moment. It was like she couldn't care less about anything except the paints! And so I thought she wouldn't notice me&mdash;
::'''Kachina:''' Only for her to notice the color of my clothes as I passed, then start chatting with me about our favorite colors. It was like she'd become a different person!
::'''Paimon:''' Well, your clothes are pretty unique! Seems like the Dopey Dazzler's got a good eye for this kind of thing.
::{{DIcon}} A fine balance between vitality, simplicity, and innocence.
:::'''Paimon:''' Ooh, that's right! Why didn't Paimon think about that... But yeah, you look just right!
::{{DIcon}} Almost like the colors of some delicious food.
:::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, like... coffee lemon cake with mint... Ugh, this analogy's making Paimon hungry.
::'''Paimon:''' But now you mention it, it sounds like the old Dopey Dazzler was quite different from the person we met. Guess she was... less good at making friends back then?
::'''Kachina:''' She might just have been like I was, kinda bad at dealing with people. I mean, everyone's busy training for battle or practicing their dancing...
::'''Kachina:''' By contrast, someone who focuses on painting might find it hard to make friends...
::'''Kachina:''' Still, I find people who have their own goals and work hard at them super cool!
::'''Kachina:''' As I watched her study colors and graffiti so intently, I had the feeling... that she'd stick to her goal and follow it to the end &mdash; not all that different from a hero of legend, really!
::'''Kachina:''' Perhaps the lack of recognition from others means that the more serious she gets, the better she'll be in the future?
::'''Paimon:''' Uhh... kind of? Maybe?
:;(If Into Eternal Night has not been completed)
:::{{DIcon}} The details aren't important.
:::{{DIcon}} That's a very "Kachina" line of thought.
:;(If Into Eternal Night has been completed)
:::{{DIcon}} The details aren't important.
:::{{DIcon}} You're absolutely right, Kachina.
::'''Kachina:''' After I met Dopey Dazzler, she invited me to do graffiti together with her, but... Don't get me wrong, I love those pretty patterns. I just don't think I have the talent to come up with anything interesting.
::'''Kachina:''' She said it was alright, though. Said that her graffiti would record our tribe's famous warriors, and that if I couldn't draw anything good, I could at least become a good drawing.
::'''Kachina:''' "And when the time comes, let me, a graffiti artist famed across Natlan, be the one to draw a picture of Kachina, the famous warrior..."
::'''Kachina:''' And boy, did she look dazzling when she was talking about that!
:;(If Into Eternal Night has not been completed)
:::'''Kachina:''' ...Still, will I really ever become a warrior worth my salt? Not that I told her so, though. Didn't want to disappoint her...
::'''Kachina:''' I'd sometimes serve as her audience when she worked on her graffiti. I gave her all the ideas I could. Like... I'd tell her about all the amazing things I've seen while riding Turbo Twirly up on the clifftops.
::'''Kachina:''' I haven't really hung out with her that many times, but just seeing her so hard at works make me want to work harder too.
::'''Kachina:''' I've heard that she received inspiration from someone, and has become more talkative as a result, even joining some sort of... grand graffiti gang a few years back.
:;(If Into Eternal Night has not been completed)
:::'''Paimon:''' That's right! The Dopey Dazzler's become a real big shot in the Graffiti Alliance, while you've become a cornerstone of your tribe's warriors!
:::{{DIcon}} The two of you have made great strides.
:::{{DIcon}} The two of you are moving up in life!
:::'''Kachina:''' As expected, the Dopey Dazzler's been working hard in her field too...
:::'''Kachina:''' And here I am, still so far away from becoming that "important warrior of the tribe"... Oh, that's right! I've got to get ready for the next tournament!
:::'''Paimon:''' That's right. Let's all do our best, shall we?
:::'''Kachina:''' In that case, I'll leave you to it... I've got to continue practicing, sharpening my skills, and readying myself...
:;(If Into Eternal Night has been completed)
:::'''Paimon:''' That's right! The Dopey Dazzler's become a real big shot in the Graffiti Alliance, while you've become a hero here in Natlan!
:::{{DIcon}} Moving up in life, you two!
:::{{DIcon}} The promise you made will come true for sure.
:::'''Kachina:''' Thank you... Uh, no, stop looking at me. I'm not going to cry! I'm just... getting a bit emotional...
:::'''Kachina:''' I'm just glad to know that the Dopey Dazzler's been working hard in her own field... Must have been a tough road for her...
:::'''Kachina:''' I suppose I could call myself a qualified warrior nowadays... But I'm not sure "famous" is a fitting description...
:::'''Kachina:''' Ah, I'd love to have a chat with her the next time we meet.
:::'''Paimon:''' That's right. We're all gonna do our best!
:::'''Kachina:''' Yup, that's right! I'll keep forging ahead. And if you don't mind... Could I continue studying under you once you finish your work with the Dopey Dazzler?
{{Dialogue End}}

===="Dopey Dazzler"====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame (Quest)|Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame]] has been completed but not [[Into Eternal Night]])
:;(Talk to "Dopey Dazzler")
::'''Paimon:''' Ehh, is that you, Dopey Dazzler? Looking for potential graffiti spots nearby, huh?
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Ah, you're here too. Looks like you're really talented, picking the most promising scenery like that...
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, well... not quite. So far, we've been pretty "feast or famine" when it comes to inspiration!
::{{DIcon}} Were you about to start working your magic here?
::{{DIcon}} Mind showing us your masterful artistry?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, that's true. We haven't seen graffiti in progress yet, have we? Could you show us?
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Don't rush things. There are no suitable cliffs nearby — after all, avant-garde graffiti requires an avant-garde canvas!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' I just happened to be passing through this area, and I recalled having a picnic here with a friend once, which is why I dropped by this spot again.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' If it wasn't for that friend's encouragement, I might have remained a tongue-tied, ordinary artist. Someone with no head for anything other than graffiti, unable to comprehend even the most basic of avant-garde philosophies.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' And of course, I'd never have met you two.
::'''Paimon:''' Huh... Sounds like you're talking about a dear friend who gave you important life advice!
::{{DIcon}} Like how Paimon and I travel together, then?
::{{DIcon}} Does your friend do graffiti as well?
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Well, I wouldn't say we're that close — you're almost joined at the hip, you know!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' I met her many years ago, I was studying color mixing at the Stadium of the Sacred Flame. It was the unique color scheme of her clothes that immediately drew my eye.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Other people would say that I look like someone whose soul's been torn out of their body when I think about colors and paints, and I didn't have many friends.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' But she thought differently. She believed that my "dopey-ness" was a sign that I was sure about my goals and wasn't concerned about anything else, just like a warrior in training.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' It wasn't any impassioned, encouraging speech, but she motivated me greatly just the same. We haven't kept in contact too much over the years, but I've never forgotten her words.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' She doesn't have any talent for graffiti, but that's fine. She became an awesome warrior all the same — in fact, I believe that someday, the Children of Echoes will all be proud of her...
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, that's a new one... So friends who don't hang out often can encourage each other too!
::{{DIcon}} All the best to both of you.
::{{DIcon}} I wish you both luck moving up in life!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Haha, don't you worry about that!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Danger and unexpected accidents are temporary. She'll be up and over those obstacles for sure!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' And I won't be standing idle either. There's always room to improve my graffiti skills, and I'm sure a breakthrough's on the horizon once I combine them with my latest thoughts on avant-garde art!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' I'll paint something massive for her when she returns in triumph. Just watch me!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Location 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the [[Traces of Artistry/Flow's True Form#I - Arc Length and Angle|Arc Length and Angle]] Challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, look over there, {{Traveler}}! There's someone near the Spiritway...
{{Dialogue End}}

===="Dopey Dazzler"====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If [[Past and Future]] has not been completed)
:;(Talk to "Dopey Dazzler")
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' So... You've also come to the Scions of the Canopy's territory... Some pretty nice views around here, wouldn't you say?
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Standing way up high, you can see all kinds of terrain... The shapes of all kinds of things... will also... look different...
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Phew... *panting*
::'''Paimon:''' Dopey Dazzler? We didn't think you'd get here before us! Though, you don't look so good...
::{{DIcon}} Need to catch your breath?
::{{DIcon}} Climbing up and down must be tiring.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' This is why I envy the tribe's warriors so much, with their endless reserves of stamina... Graffiti is also hard work, but our bodies just can't keep up...
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Sometimes, I can't help but think that Yumkasaurs are really good companions. After all, they can effortlessly navigate even the most steep and rugged terrain. It's a godsend for graffiti artists.
::'''Paimon:''' That's a good point! With a Yumkasaur to help, travel is a whole lot easier...
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Of course! Though I'm not at all saying that Tepetlisaur companions aren't good enough. After all, a Yumkasaur couldn't even begin to imagine how to do some of the things they can...
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Like helping to excavate critical ores from deep underground, and making paints with some amazing effects... Now that's priceless!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Plus, looking at things from a much broader perspective, the most important thing about your companion isn't their abilities &mdash; I care more about the emotional connection. Who cares about all that utilitarian codswallop?
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Even if climbing mountains and crossing rivers is a bit more tiring for me, so what? There's no way I'd even consider something like... leaving the Children of Echoes and joining the Scions of the Canopy, or anything ridiculous like that.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Ooof... Sorry for throwing all that at you, I must be getting dizzy from exhaustion. Let me take a little break...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon never thought the Dopey Dazzler would be able to get so serious... Well, now we know you're the type of person who cares a lot about their companions and comradery!
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon and {{Traveler}} are like that too! When we make friends, we never think, "What can this person do for me?" It all starts with... what would you call it?
::{{DIcon}} Compatibility?
::{{DIcon}} Serendipity?
::'''Paimon:''' Um, yeah, something like that?
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Speaking of companions... there's a powerful Saurian Hunter among the Scions of the Canopy named Kinich. He is often accompanied by a rather extraordinary companion.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' That companion's coloration is unusually vivid. Were I to use the professional lingo of Fontainian painters... I'd say the saturation levels are really high, and far more deserving of the name "dazzler"!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' And Kinich himself also has a very avant-garde sense of style... His appearance just screams "natural artist"!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Shame, though. Lots of members of my Alliance drew graffiti near his usual haunts to get his attention, but he doesn't seem to care at all. Seems like he really isn't into graffiti.
::'''Paimon:''' Is that how the Graffiti Alliance usually recruits new members? Seems like a lot of time and effort...
::{{DIcon}} Seems like a compatibility issue.
::{{DIcon}} You can't force serendipity.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Yeah, that's right! You can't force it.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Super-strong Saurian Hunters are probably only attracted by other powerful figures, like you two! Once the two of you are famous members of the Graffiti Alliance, maybe then he'll take an interest in graffiti!
::'''Paimon:''' That logic's pretty "avant-garde," too. Stuff like this, you'll never know until you try.
::'''Paimon:''' So there's no need to rush things!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Alright, I'll take your advice this time.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' But you guys better work hard so you can accumulate enough inspiration, ASAP!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Kinich====
{{Dialogue Start}}<!-- Kinich shows up if Past and Future was completed -->
;(If [[Past and Future]] has been completed)
:;(Talk to Kinich)
::'''Ajaw:''' Mwahaha, at long last! The almighty dragonlord K'uhul Ajaw has shattered that which bound him, and graces the world with his majestic presence once more!
::'''Kinich:''' Hope you've learned your lesson.
::'''Paimon:''' Kinich! We didn't expect to see you here!
::'''Ajaw:''' Oh... it's you two little... things.
::'''Paimon:''' Whoa! You little... how are you still so arrogant!?
::'''Ajaw:''' Hmph. Forget it. I'll let that slide for now, as I happen to be in a good mood today.
::'''Kinich:''' I had him locked up before, and just released him, so...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh! So you just let him out? No wonder!
::'''Ajaw:''' Released, shmeleased! I totally was the one who broke free!
::'''Ajaw:''' Besides, Kinich, not like you even know what's good for yourself anyway. If these two chumps had an unfortunate accident, couldn't you make a fortune out of saving them?
::'''Kinich:''' Enough of your blustering.
::{{DIcon}} It's fine. That's just how Ajaw is.
:::'''Ajaw:''' Hmph! Looks like someone is only half-blind.
::{{DIcon}} It's fine. I'm not the type to stoop to squabbling with little things like him.
:::'''Ajaw:''' I'm no "little thing"!
::'''Kinich:''' Are the two of you here because of graffiti?
::'''Paimon:''' Wha—? Kinich, how'd you know that?
::'''Kinich:''' Members of the Graffiti Alliance have been active around here lately. There was some concern they might encounter danger while at work, and so I was commissioned to come look.
::'''Kinich:''' Though with you here, there was never a need to worry in the first place.
::'''Ajaw:''' Hey, that's right! This pasty little pixie doesn't even have the right to draw graffiti, much less get herself in danger!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! Just what're you trying to say?
::'''Ajaw:''' It's a rule of the Scions of the Canopy: Only those who pass the trial have the right to draw graffiti! You've gotta be brave enough to leap from the peaks over there, but do you have the guts?
::'''Paimon:''' Isn't that just bungee jumping? Paimon's heard of it, just an extreme sport, nothing special.
::'''Ajaw:''' Oho, this is no ordinary extreme sport! It's a trial, you see, a trial!
::'''Paimon:''' So how's it different then?
::'''Ajaw:''' You don't even know that? Pathetic. Fine, I'm willing to waste some of my precious time helping you be a bit less ignorant.
::{{DIcon}} Wow, you'd really do something nice for someone?
::{{DIcon}} Where's the real Ajaw and what'd you do with him?
::'''Ajaw:''' First, before you start climbing, you've gotta show your bravery by dumping everything but your clothes at the foot of the mountain. That means no ropes, no knives, no wind gliders, no nothing!
::'''Ajaw:''' If you bring anything, even the teeniest doo-dad, it counts as disrespecting the trial and you instantly fail! Once you reach the summit, you've gotta run around it three times, and then...
::'''Paimon:''' And then what?
::'''Ajaw:''' Then you leap! And then you relax your whole body.
::'''Paimon:''' Doesn't that just mean you fall down the mountain!?
::'''Ajaw:''' Naw, you'd be fine! If even an iota of what I said was false, then may I immediately be imprison— HEY! Wait, servant, what're you doing, a—
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? Kinich, he was just getting to the most important part! Why'd you lock him up?
::'''Kinich:''' Paimon, we generally call jumping off a high cliff without a rope "suicide."
::'''Kinich:''' The reason for his earlier confinement was because he attempted to trick members of the Graffiti Alliance into jumping off cliffs.
::'''Paimon:''' Argh! That loathsome little lizard! He was up to no good after all! He deserves to get locked up again!
::'''Kinich:''' My apologies to both of you. In any case, please do pay attention to your safety around here. I still need to patrol a few other areas, so I'll be taking my leave now.
::'''Kinich:''' As for the members of the Graffiti Alliance, don't you worry. I'll handle their safety.
::'''Paimon:''' Okay! Hopefully it won't be too much trouble.
::'''Kinich:''' No trouble at all. It's part of the commission, after all.
::'''Kinich:''' As for Ajaw, after his time out is over, I'll let him experience the thrill of ropeless bungee jumping for himself.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Location 3===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the [[Traces of Artistry/Flow's True Form#I - Harmonious Whole|Harmonious Whole]] Challenge)
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, looks like we've run into another acquaintance again. Let's go say hi!
{{Dialogue End}}

===="Dopey Dazzler"====
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If [[Past and Future]] has not been completed)
:;(Talk to "Dopey Dazzler")
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Hehe, fancy bumping into the two of you again, and at none other than the finest scenic spot that the People of the Springs has to offer! Not only that, this place is universally recognized as one of the most stunning sights in the whole of southern Natlan.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' The azure blue of the vast expanses of water, the lush green of the mountain vegetation, intertwined with the intense fiery hues of the phlogiston... Simply breathtaking, and a masterclass intro to color contrast too.
::'''Paimon:''' Dopey Dazzler! Pretty fast on your feet, huh?
::'''Paimon:''' No use lecturing us on color theory yet though &mdash; we still won't get it...
::{{DIcon}} Do you know the People of the Springs well?
::{{DIcon}} You must have visited many times before?
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Well, core members of the Graffiti Alliance technically make it their mission to travel to every corner of Natlan, familiarizing themselves with the culture and customs of all the different tribes.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' A while back now, the People of the Springs hired us to spray-paint their watersports gear. It was a very large order, so I had to stay here for quite some time.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' They paid us very well, so to return the favor, I decided it was only fair if I made the design I sprayed onto each and every one of their watersports products totally unique.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' In the end, after two months of slogging away, I'd only finished less than five percent of the total... My hands were so sore they felt like they were about to fall off, and my brain had totally crashed...
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' And to make matters worse, new products were constantly being churned out. If things kept going the way they were, I'd never have been able to finish the job...
::'''Paimon:''' A unique design, for every, single, individual, watersports product...!?
::'''Paimon:''' But... there are watersports products everywhere at the People of the Springs &mdash; you couldn't even count them if you tried. That goal was totally crazy!
::{{DIcon}} Even if you had twenty Dopey Dazzlers on the job, you'd still struggle...
::{{DIcon}} Why would you put that much pressure on yourself...
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Yes, well... in the end, we came to realize that. Our clever client from the People of the Springs proposed a more cost-effective solution instead&mdash;
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' The new plan was that we would come up with a single batch of graffiti designs, create stencils based on the designs, specify the colors required, and then roughly mark out where they needed to be sprayed.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Then, the clients' own people would spray the designs onto a large batch of watersports equipment themselves &mdash; following our instructions, of course.
::'''Paimon:''' Wow, that sounds like a great idea! It wouldn't require a lot of manpower, so it'd save heaps of time and effort. Plus, you wouldn't even need to go to the trouble of training them up.
::'''Paimon:''' Is this also some kind of... avant-garde production philosophy?
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Mmm... Yes, I suppose you could say that! Of course, in an ideal world, it would all be done by hand, but we're not that inflexible.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' If it helps our art reach a wider audience, we shouldn't force ourselves to stick rigidly to the principles of "pure" handicraft.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Anyway, all in all, I'm full of awe and admiration for our friends at the People of the Springs. They think on their feet, and they're always full of ideas...
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' A watersports shop owner named Mualani, who also happens to be one of the tribe's renowned warriors, spent a few days with us learning graffiti.
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Overflowing with enthusiasm and talent, that one. It wasn't long at all before she was producing bona-fide artwork to decorate her surfboard with...
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Now I come to think of it, she's the perfect role model for you guys!
::'''Paimon:''' From the sound of it, as long as you have the necessary commitment and the motivation, learning graffiti over a short period of time... isn't completely impossible, then?
::'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, we need to up our game! We'll have to find some good materials and get to grips with this avant-garde mindset, ASAP! Paimon can't wait to start doodling all over her favorite objects too, hehe...
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like what we need is a crash course in graffiti.
::{{DIcon}} About time we jazzed up some of our own gear too!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Boom, that's what I'm talking about! You're finally coming around...!
::'''"Dopey Dazzler":''' Well, I'll say no more, only this... Open your eyes, clear your minds. Soak up the incredible scenery around you. Look for anything that captures your imagination and inspires creativity, anything &mdash; lines, shapes, colors! And with that in mind, sally forth!
{{Dialogue End}}

====Mualani====
{{Stub Dialogue|Verify requirement for appearance<!-- Likely the completion of her tribal chronicle story | Mualani shows up if Past and Future was completed -->}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If [[Past and Future]] has been completed)
:;(Talk to Mualani)
::'''Mualani:''' Aha, if it isn't {{Traveler}} and Paimon! Not looking for some graffiti inspiration near the People of the Springs, by any chance?
::'''Mualani:''' If so, you've sure come to the right place. This area of ours is one of the best scenic spots in the whole of southern Natlan!
::'''Paimon:''' Hey, Mualani! Paimon's feeling even more pumped, now we've run into you!
::'''Paimon:''' But how could you tell we were searching for inspiration for our graffiti?
::'''Mualani:''' Hehe, guides like me tend to keep our ears to the ground...
::'''Mualani:''' As it just so happens, some members of the Graffiti Alliance dropped by a while back, and they mentioned that the Dopey Dazzler's been teaching you guys some artistic philosophy.
::{{DIcon}} You're well-acquainted with the Graffiti Alliance, then?
::{{DIcon}} So you know the Dopey Dazzler too?
::'''Mualani:''' We don't see an awful lot of one another, but we're still old friends!
::'''Mualani:''' Everywhere in Natlan, no matter which tribe you go to, there's a huge demand for graffiti. Aside from the walls of buildings, people also regularly decorate items that they use...
::'''Mualani:''' Especially the most important things of all, like swim rings, surfboards, beach volleyballs, parasailing gear... Okay, that's probably enough examples... Anyway, when it comes to watersports products, people put a lot of thought into how they look!
::'''Mualani:''' Back in the day, when craftsmen made watersports equipment, they'd decorate them with colors and simple patterns based on what they themselves thought looked good.
::'''Mualani:''' But then people began to realize that expert graffiti artists could design swim rings and surfboards with far more dynamic designs and striking colors...
::'''Paimon:''' So you hired a certain someone from the Graffiti Alliance... to come up with a unique design for every single swim ring and surfboard in existence?
::'''Mualani:''' Hahaha, that's a bit over the top... If someone actually tried spray painting every single one by hand, their hand would probably end up falling off!
::'''Mualani:''' A certain quirky-minded graffiti expert did, for a time, insist on creating a unique design for every individual watersports product. But after a heroic attempt, they realized it was an impossible task.
::'''Mualani:''' So instead, we suggested that the Graffiti Alliance come up with some standardized designs and create special stencils for mass production.
::'''Mualani:''' This way, all you have to do is put on a pair of gloves, place the stencils on top of the items, spray on the paint step by step, leave them somewhere to dry, then apply a layer of wax, and... Tada! Job done!
::'''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;That's a good point... The People of the Springs is such a huge tribe, who knows how long it would take even just to come up with all the different designs...
::{{DIcon}} About your surfboard, Mualani...
::{{DIcon}} Which maestro made the Sharky Surfboard?
::'''Mualani:''' Ah, well, my surfboard's one-of-a-kind. After all, it only looks the way it does 'cause I picked up some graffiti skills and painted it myself!
::'''Mualani:''' As both a first-rate guide of the People of the Springs and the owner of a famous watersports shop, my business depends on my ability to stand out from the crowd! And people wouldn't be very impressed if my gear just looked the same as everyone else's, would they?
::'''Mualani:''' Anyway, the main point is this &mdash; the only way you'll end up with a design that you're a hundred percent happy with... is if you create it yourself! That way, you can even use your lucky color!
::'''Paimon:''' No wonder Paimon's starting to understand why she felt more motivated as soon as she saw you, Mualani.
::'''Paimon:''' You're... just the type of person who'd figure even the hardest stuff out, as long as you like it!
::'''Mualani:''' Honestly, it isn't difficult at all! Graffiti's like... beach volleyball. It's not like traditional painting, all rigid and formal. As long as you can capture roughly what you're aiming for, you'll do just fine.
::'''Mualani:''' For you two, becoming top graffiti masters shouldn't take much time at all...
::'''Mualani:''' It's a pity things have been a bit manic at the shop recently, so I've got a bit too much on my plate right now. Once I've gotten things back under control, I'll make some time to come do some graffiti with you!
::'''Paimon:''' Ooh! Nice to have your vote of confidence, Mualani!
::'''Paimon:''' Let's keep working on it, {{Traveler}}! The sooner we can find some good materials and wrap our heads around Dopey Dazzler's avant-garde philosophy, the better!
::{{DIcon}} I'll trust you on this one too, Mualani!
::{{DIcon}} Priority one, graffiti. Priority two, beach volleyball.
::'''Mualani:''' Aha! Best of luck, {{Traveler}}, Paimon!
::'''Mualani:''' Perhaps someday I'll need you guys to create designs for the watersports products in my shop! We'll give each other "friendly rates" when the time comes, alright?
{{Dialogue End}}

[[pt-br:Vestígios da Arte/História]]
[[ru:Следы мастерства/История]]