{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!-- Traore.png -->
|caption          = 
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Children of Echoes
|group            = 
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 
}}
'''Traore''' is a historical figure in [[Natlan]].

Traore was an elder, storyteller, and warrior of the [[Children of Echoes]] at the time of the [[Cataclysm]].<ref name="PS">{{Ref/Quest|Peace to the Slumbering}}</ref> When the chief of the tribe, [[Sundjatta]], left to join [[Tenoch]]'s group as one of the [[Heroes of Natlan]], Traore stepped into the leadership position.<ref name="BCR">{{Ref/Quest|Beneath the Crystal Rock}}</ref> It was he who led the Children of Echoes in their battle to trap the [[Abyss]]al forces beneath the [[Shadow Pins]] in the [[Sulfurous Veins]].

==Profile==
Traore was a courageous warrior who led by example. He was first on the frontlines and inspired his people with his defiance in the face of death.<ref name="BCR"/> 

He was also an honorable man. When the [[Khaenri'ah]]n soldiers [[Zephaniah]] and [[Irizar]] came to fight alongside the Children of Echoes against the Abyss, he welcomed them as brother-kin and fellow heroes. He later respected their wish to pass down their "evil" reputation in order to keep future generations vigilant, and told their stories as such. It was not until centuries later that their true heroism was discovered &mdash; Traore had recorded it discreetly, as he could not bear to see them go fully unacknowledged.<ref name="PS"/>

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

<!--
==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Story==

==Trivia==
-->
==Trivia==
*{{w|Traoré}} is a surname of {{w|Manding languages|Manding}} origins, and is the name of one of the 16 ''Djon-Tan-Nor-Woro'' or the 16 clans in the {{w|Mali Empire}} responsible for defense. Many of these clans are descendants of {{w|Sundiata Keita|Sundiata Keita’s}} generals and soldiers.
==Other Languages ==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Traore
|zhs      = 陶奥鲁
|zhs_rm   = Táo'àolǔ
|zht      = 陶奧魯
|zht_rm   = Táo'àolǔ
|ja       = トラオレ
|ko       = 트라오레
|es       = Traoré
|fr       = Traore
|ru       = Траоре
|th       = Traore
|vi       = Traore
|de       = Traore
|id       = Traore
|pt       = Traore
|tr       = Traore
|it       = Traore
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}