{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Princeps Cretaceus Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Princeps Cretaceus Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Albedo
|ARReq          = 40
|keyReq         = 1
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]]: Act II - [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]]
}}
'''Traveler Observation Report''' is the first act of [[Albedo]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Princeps Cretaceus Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs a [[Story Key]], must have completed [[Prologue]]: Act II - [[For a Tomorrow Without Tears]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the act, an [[Sucrose|assistant]] of a master alchemist asks the [[Traveler]] to help her master with his ongoing research at [[Dragonspine]].

==List of Quests==
# [[The Rumored Alchemist]]
# [[The Genius Researcher and the Seed of Another World]]
# [[The First Experiment: Elements]]
# [[The Second Experiment: The World]]
# [[The Third Experiment: Life]]
# [[The Final Experiment: Withering Glory]]

==Summary==
;The Rumored Alchemist
The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] arrive at [[Timaeus]]' alchemy store to speak with Timaeus, but instead find a young lady maintaining the stall. The lady introduces herself as [[Sucrose]], who recognizes them as the Traveler who repelled [[Dvalin|Stormterror]]. She remarks how she wants to research them, but then recalls that they could help her master, [[Albedo]], having noted that he is particularly troubled with one of his experiments, something which she had never seen before. Sucrose explains how Albedo is a master alchemist and that everyone from across [[Teyvat]] comes to him for answers. She states that Albedo is likely to reward them if they help him, and that he can be found with Timaeus at [[Dragonspine]].
----
;The Genius Researcher and the Seed of Another World
Arriving at the base of the mountains, they find [[Barbara]] with [[Rosaria]], the former trying to bring the latter in for choir practice. Rosaria states that she has no interest in attending and tells Barbara to leave or she'll be late for the commemorative event. She then notices the pair and asks them why they had eavesdropped on her, only to recognize the Traveler as the Honorary Knight that repelled Stormterror. Seeing that they are searching for Albedo, she is also looking for him for a reason she refuses to disclose.

They soon find Albedo sketching dangerously close to a group of [[hilichurls]], who become alarmed by their presence and attack. Dispatching of the hilichurls, Albedo, who had fortunately nearly completed his sketch of them, approaches the three. He starts explaining about alchemy just as Rosaria leaves, apparently bored of his impending thesis. Albedo then recognizes the Traveler as the Honorary Knight and concludes that their strange abilities must mean they come from another world. He wishes to perform an experiment to see how life functions in the worlds outside Teyvat having acquired a sample and promising to compensate them for their participation and ensuring that it will be as safe as possible. In the distance, Rosaria is spying on the two, wondering if Albedo is a risk to Mondstadt.
----
;The First Experiment<nowiki>:</nowiki> Elements
After an initial test against some [[slimes]], Albedo asks the Traveler to drink a potion that extracts elemental power. However, it is missing some [[Starsilver Catalyst]], which they find on the way to his camp he had set up in the mountains. After the Traveler drinks the potion, Albedo states that the essence of peculiar people are different to that of ordinary people. He then tells them to look around the camp as he begins the next test.
----
;The Second Experiment<nowiki>:</nowiki> The World
In the second test, Albedo asks the Traveler to break a pillar with their mind, which they are unable to do. Believing that elemental-imbued food is required, he asks them to cook up some [[Sunshine Sprat]] as he is also hungry. Eating the Sunshine Sprat, he finds nothing out of the ordinary and believes that the natural laws of Teyvat might be affecting their powers. He then asks them to use their Elemental Sight to find a container of Anemo Crystalfly Extract and [[Electro Hypostasis]] Power which misplaced at the campsite as the third test. The Traveler returns with both objects as Albedo initiates the next test.
----
;The Third Experiment<nowiki>:</nowiki> Life
In the fourth test, the Traveler arrives at a small peak where Albedo has them jump down and travel across the small lake nearby. After completing the test, Albedo finds that their results are faster than the average Mondstadt citizen, but wonders if they are still bound to Teyvat's laws or not. He reveals that he enjoys researching and alchemy, but his interests are often fleeting as he feels no satisfaction from learning the truth. He then asks them to bear with him as he is nearly done with his report, asking them to meet him at some ruins at the south end of the mountain.
----
;The Final Experiment<nowiki>:</nowiki> Withering Glory
In the fifth test, Albedo shows the Traveler a locked mechanism and tasks them with unlocking it as a test of intelligence. The Traveler finishes the test by using several local Seelies to unlock the mechanism. Albedo notices that the water has receded and investigates alongside the Traveler, where they find mysterious scripts on the wall. Albedo takes a copy of them before returning to the campsite. Before the Traveler and Paimon could leave, Rosaria intercepts them, not satisfied with how everything is going. After being convinced that they are not a threat, Rosaria decides to set up some patrols in the area and makes a copy of the script. Before she leaves, she warns them to be wary of Albedo, as she believes he has ulterior motives in hand beneath his kind exterior.

Returning to the camp, Albedo concludes that the Traveler is like an ordinary person in Teyvat, but their participation has given him inspiration in his research as he shows off the otherworldly seed and blooms a flower from it. Albedo thanks the Traveler for their company and asks them to come again in the future when he needs their help. As the two leave, he notices some sediment growing at the bottom of the vial, something which he did not notice before. He cryptically states that both he and the Traveler are of a "different sediment". Worried that he will "lose control" and destroy everything he holds dear, he wonders if he can rely on them to stop him if that time ever comes.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Traveler Observation Report|type=Story Quest}}

==Trivia==
* During the events [[The Chalk Prince and the Dragon]] and [[Shadows Amidst Snowstorms]], the requirements for the story quest were lowered to an AR level of 20 and no story keys.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Traveler Observation Report
|zhs     = 旅行者观察报告
|zhs_rm  = Lǚxíngzhě Guānchá Bàogào
|zht     = 旅行者觀察報告
|zht_rm  = Lǚxíngzhě Guānchá Bàogào
|zh_tl   = Traveler Observation Report
|ja      = 旅人観察報告
|ja_rm   = Tabibito Kansatsu Houkoku
|ja_tl   = Traveler Observation Report
|ko      = 여행자 관찰 보고
|ko_tl   = Traveler Observation Report
|es      = El informe de investigación del viajero
|es_tl   = The Investigation Report of the Traveler
|es_note = {{es|Del viajero}} is a masculine term.
|fr      = Rapport d'observation de voyage
|fr_tl   = Travel Observation Report
|ru      = Опыты над путешественником
|ru_tl   = Experiments on the Traveler
|th      = รายงานการสังเกตนักเดินทาง
|th_rm   = Raingan Kan Sangket Nakdoenthang
|th_tl   = Traveler Observation Report
|vi      = Báo Cáo Quan Sát Nhà Lữ Hành
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Beobachtungsbericht des Reisenden
|de_tl   = Traveler's Observation Report
|id      = Laporan Observasi Pengembara
|id_tl   = Traveler Observation Report
|pt      = Relatório de Observação do Viajante
|pt_tl   = Observation Report of the Traveler
|pt_note = {{pt|Do Viajante}} is a masculine term.
|tr      = Gezginin Gözlem Raporu
|tr_tl   = Traveler's Observation Report
|it      = Rapporto di osservazione del viaggiatore
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[de:Beobachtungsbericht des Reisenden]]
[[es:El informe de investigación del viajero]]
[[ja:旅人観察報告]]
[[pt-br:Relatório de Observação do Viajante]]
[[ru:Опыты над путешественником]]
[[tr:Gezginin Gözlem Raporu]]
[[vi:Báo Cáo Quan Sát Nhà Lữ Hành]]