{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Quote|The keeper is fading away; the creator has not yet come.<br>
But the world shall burn no more, for you shall ascend.|In-game character profile text<ref group="Note">For aesthetic purposes, the English version differs from the Chinese text.<br>The original CN text: {{zh|维系者正在死去，创造者尚未到来。但世界不会再度灼烧，因为你将登上「神」之座。}}<br>Literal translation: '''The sustainer is passing away;''' the creator has not yet come. But the world shall burn no more, for you shall ascend '''to the seat of "the god."'''</ref>}}

{{Quote|Don't lose faith in that which you have lost. In this new world, you will never be alone. Where you leave your footprints, and where you have yet to stride &mdash; your new world will unfold before you.<br>
Welcome to a new world.|K · K|[https://www.facebook.com/Genshinimpact/photos/a.358527438330786/434278834088979/ Male character card official introduction]<ref group="Note">For aesthetic purposes, the English version differs from the Chinese text.<br>The original CN text: {{zh|「…只要你拥有的高洁与善良不会改变，在新的天地，依然会有最好的伙伴与你同行。此处前方，此刻未来，皆是你的天地。」「欢迎来到世界。」}}<br>Literal translation: "...'''As long as your attitude of nobleness and kindness does not change,''' in the new world, there will always be '''best companions to travel with you'''. Where you are going ahead, and where your future lies &mdash; your new world will unfold before you." "Welcome to the world."</ref>}}

{{Quote|The world you once knew is but dust, and the wonders you knew but rubble. Though you should have your own world, and your own people &mdash; lamenting what is already lost...|K · K|[https://www.facebook.com/Genshinimpact/photos/a.358527438330786/435074510676078/ Female character card official introduction]<ref group="Note">For aesthetic purposes, the English version differs from the Chinese text.<br>The original CN text: {{zh|「你的故国已经覆灭，宫城万顷也化作尘沙。你是本应该拥有世界，拥抱天地之人。但亡国的末裔啊，请不要悲叹这些逝去的时刻…」}}<br>Literal translation: "'''Your homeland has been destroyed, all of the architectures have reduced to dust.''' You are originally the one that should own your world and embrace the people within. '''But the last descendant of the subjugated civilization,''' please do not lament the lost moments..."</ref>}}

==Personality==
{{Quote|A traveler from another world who had their only kin taken away, forcing them to embark on a journey to find [[The Seven]].|In-game character attributes and profile page text}}
The Traveler's personality is determined primarily by the player themselves through dialogue options.

Their personality can range from stoic, humble and helpful to boastful, lazy, and short-tempered. Regardless of the player's in-game decisions, they are generally liked by the playable characters. There are instances of single speech options or similar options which give a glimpse at their personality overall. They are, for example, observed by Paimon as not believing the gods are any more worthy of unearned respect than mortal inhabitants of Teyvat. They also are pointedly uninterested in getting involved with each nation's troubles and primarily only concern themselves with finding out their sibling's whereabouts. Their response to Morax's "death" was initially to simply leave, both to avoid suspicion and seemingly a level of apathy considering the circumstances of their arrival on the world. 

This trend continues into [[Inazuma]], where the Traveler initially denies aid to the rebellion and refuses to take sides, interested only in meeting with the [[Raiden Shogun]]. The Traveler is visibly frustrated, not wanting to meddle in the country's affairs or get involved with anyone, even for a task as simple as [[Chisato's Letter|delivering a letter]]. Yet despite this hesitation to get involved, they are ultimately a compassionate person, eventually choosing to aid the resistance against the Shogun's injustice after seeing the circumstances of each situation particularly at the prodding of [[Kamisato Ayaka]] and [[Thoma]]. Later on in [[Sumeru]], they later help free [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] from the sages of the [[Sumeru Akademiya]] after learning of her plight. Despite their slight indifference to Teyvat's conflicts, they greatly cherish every bond they create with the people. [[Arlecchino]] also believes that the Traveler is incapable of performing intentionally malevolent acts.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Birds in a Cage}}</ref>

The Traveler does not appear to be very talkative, with several characters noting that they are not very fond of speaking or starting conversations. Though [[Shikanoin Heizou]] once joked about Paimon serving as the Traveler's "voice," the Traveler does indeed prefer having Paimon speak on their behalf.

Due to their experiences with the [[Fatui]] and the [[Abyss Order]], the Traveler is immediately on guard at the mere mention of them. The Traveler is shown to be friendly to a degree to those that respect them, such as [[Tartaglia]] and [[Enjou]]. Although initially friendly with [[Lyney]] and [[Lynette]], their friendship was damaged after they failed to inform the Traveler that they were Fatui operatives from the [[House of the Hearth]] (as they knew of their interactions with them). Eventually, after some apologizing from Lyney, the Traveler reconciles with them, and subsequently maintains a good relationship with Arlecchino and the House.

They also show significant concern for their [[Traveler's Sibling|sibling]], as their initial goal was to find them and get answers from the [[Unknown God]] that sealed them away. Upon reuniting with their sibling, the Traveler was more concerned with returning home with their sibling as opposed to their role as the [[Abyss Order]]'s leader or their war with the [[Heavenly Principles]]. Despite their position with the Abyss, they still miss them dearly, and continue to follow their instructions in seeing the world for themselves.

==Appearance==
{{See also|Rising Star}}
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 3-4 sentences. Outfits should be described on the outfit pages. -->
Aether uses the [[:Category:Medium Male Characters|medium male]] model, and Lumine uses the [[:Category:Medium Female Characters|medium female]] model. Both siblings have {{MC|m=blond|f=blonde}} hair, fiery-gold eyes, and pale skin. During their fight with the unknown god, both siblings had yellow wings.

Aether's hair is a more saturated color and very long, while Lumine's hair is paler and chin-length except for two locks of shoulder-length hair framing her face. Lumine also has two light-blue [[Inteyvat]] flowers pinned on the right of her head and two pale blue feathers tucked at the left.

==Character Stories==
{{Character Story
|title1        = Character Details
|text1         = <p>The keeper is fading away; the creator has not yet come.</p><p>But the world shall burn no more, for you shall ascend.</p>
|mention1      = 

|title2        = Character Story 1
|text2         = <p>A boy and a girl stood amidst the tumult, under an unfamiliar sky.</p><p>You were a pair of traveling twins, passing through countless worlds during your journey.</p><p>Descending upon a continent named [[Teyvat]], you hoped that you would be able to enjoy your time here.</p><p>But as you awoke among the falling stars, you saw the world in turmoil, a [[cataclysm]] raging across the land...</p><p>You sought to leave this place and move on to the next world, but then an [[Unknown God|unknown god]] stood before you, barring the way.</p><p>This deity was spotless, floating over a world of chaos.</p><p>Looking down on you.</p><p>The god took your [[Traveler's Sibling|only kin]] away, and you were sealed and cast into a deep slumber filled with nightmares...</p><p>When you reawakened, the world was changed.</p><p>The flames of war raged no longer, and nothing was left that looked familiar.</p><p>How long had you been asleep? You had no answers.</p><p>Thus, you began a lonely journey, seeking the deity that you had once laid eyes upon...</p>
|mention2      = Traveler's Sibling,Unknown God

|title3        = Character Story 2
|quest3        = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|text3         = <p>After that, you met [[Paimon]], and wandered together for some time.</p><p>You learned that this world has seven deities who rule the seven nations as the [[The Seven|Seven Archons]].</p><p>Your first stop was the free city of wine and song, [[Mondstadt]], a city built by the [[Barbatos|Anemo Archon]].</p><p>As you stepped into Mondstadt as an outlander, it was, as the other nations were, beset on both sides by non-human and human threats.</p><p>The non-human threat was comprised of the confederacy known as the [[Abyss Order]].</p><p>The [[Fatui|human threat]], on the other hand stemmed, from the ambition of the [[Tsaritsa]], god of [[Snezhnaya]].</p><p>The Abyss Order had corrupted an ally of the Anemo Archon, the [[Dvalin|Dragon of the East]] of the [[Four Winds]] of Mondstadt.</p><p>The envoys of Snezhnaya, for their part, used this opposition to the Abyss as an excuse to put pressure on Mondstadt.</p><p>These threats from without and within caused the return of the Anemo Archon, who took on the [[Venti|form of a bard]] and joined you in your journey to save the dragon.</p><p>Yet there was something then that you did not see &mdash; for as the dragon fell to the Abyss, a certain figure had been reflected in its eyes...</p><p>The one who rules the Abyss.</p><p>{{MC|She|He|mc=1}} had once traveled with you, and you had once crossed many worlds together.</p>
|mention3      = Barbatos,Dvalin,Paimon,Traveler's Sibling,Tsaritsa,Venti

|title4        = Character Story 3
|quest4        = ???
|text4         = Not yet available
|mention4      = 

|title5        = Character Story 4
|quest5        = ???
|text5         = Not yet available
|mention5      = 

|title6        = Character Story 5
|quest6        = ???
|text6         = Not yet available
|mention6      = 

|title7        = Vision
|quest7        =The Outlander Who Caught the Wind 
|text7         = <p>When faced with circumstances that they cannot control, humans often bemoan their powerlessness.</p><p>But if a person is found to have surpassing ambition even as their life reaches such a desperate turning point, then the gods would look upon them with favor.</p><p>This favor is the [[Vision]], an external magical focus given to those who have been acknowledged by the gods which they can use to channel elemental power.</p><p>[[Celestia]] is the realm of the gods, and the wielders of Visions walk the earth below. When they depart from this world, the chosen will ascend.</p><p>After coming to this world, you often hear people speak of such things.</p><p>You, for your part, can never receive a Vision, for an alien lifeform does not belong...</p><p>Is it wise to allow a moment's ambition to dominate one's entire life?</p><p>You have needed to consider many such thought-provoking questions, ones that require lengthy consideration, during your journey through many worlds...</p>

|title8        = Loom of Fate
|quest8        = ???
|text8         = Not yet available
|mention8      = 
}}

==Constellation==
{{Constellation Lore|Viator}}
{{Constellation Lore|Viatrix}}

==Character Trials==
{{Trials by Character}}

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions|alias=the "Visitor From Outer Worlds"}}

==Trivia==
<!-- Any tidbits of info from in-game dialogue or the manga. Spoilers could also go here.-->
* No default name is given for the Traveler at the start of the game. Their real name, Aether (male) or Lumine (female), was first determined through the name the Traveler calls their sibling by in the opening cutscene. Later, during ''We Will Be Reunited'', their sibling calls the Traveler by their real name regardless of the name the player chose. Within Caribert's memory it's revealed that they're the only ones to use these names for each other.
* Aether and Lumine are seen wielding a multitude of weapons across in-game cutscenes and official media:
** In the opening cutscene during the {{Quest|Wanderer's Trail}} with the [[Unknown God]], they are shown wielding [[Traveler's Original Sword|white-and-gold swords]]. Aether's sword had a cruciform guard and Lumine's sword had a crescent guard.
** They are shown wielding the ascended version of the [[Silver Sword]] in their character cards and portraits.
** They are shown wielding the [[Dull Blade]] in most in-game cutscenes.
** They are shown wielding [[Prototype Rancour]] in the cutscenes during {{Quest|Into Eternal Night|showType=0}}, {{Quest|The Last Turnfire Night|showType=0}}, and {{Quest|Where All Hopes Lie|showType=0}}.
* The Traveler is currently the only playable character who:
** Does not have a [[Utility Passive]].
** Has their [[Vision]] listed as "None" on their profile.
** Has no [[Friendship Level]] listed in Attributes, and Story passages are instead unlocked by completing certain Archon Quests.
** Does not appear in the [[Character Archive]] at all, and thus cannot have their full "Wish" artwork viewed there like those of all other characters and outfits.
*** Their "Wish" artwork does show up in the credits of the [[Imaginarium Theater]], though not in full.
** Uses different means from other characters to obtain materials used for Ascension and Constellations.
*** Ascensions require the [[Brilliant Diamond]] [[Character Level-Up Material]], which are only obtainable through [[Adventure Rank/Adventurers' Guild Rewards|Adventure Rank rewards]].
*** Ascensions do not require [[Character Ascension Material|Ascension Gems]].
*** Constellations, which are maintained separately for each element, require [[Memories]], which are obtained through various means, including Adventure Rank rewards, Quest Rewards, and the [[Souvenir Shop]] or similar of the respective city, as opposed to [[Stella Fortuna]] obtained for other characters from wishing. As a result, neither the male nor female Traveler have Wish artworks.
**** The Traveler was initially the only playable character who was completely unavailable through wishing. As of [[Version 2.1]], [[Aloy]] is also unavailable through wishing. However, unlike the Traveler, Aloy shows up in the Character Archive and has her "Wish" artwork viewable there.
* Though the Traveler does not possess a Vision, they are still able to use the power of the seven elements by resonating with [[Statues of The Seven]], and do not require the respective Archon's permission to do so. For gameplay purposes, the player must use a Statue of The Seven of the corresponding nation each time they wish to switch the Traveler to a different element.
** The Traveler's clothing will glow with the color of the element they are resonating with: teal for {{Anemo}}, yellow for {{Geo}}, purple for {{Electro}}, green for {{Dendro}}, blue for {{Hydro}}, and orange for {{Pyro}}. When unaffiliated with an element, those parts won't glow. In the opening cutscene with the [[Unknown God]], both siblings' clothing will glow white. The [[Traveler's Sibling]]'s clothing glows white in their present-day appearances, but the Traveler's will match their resonated element.
*** In lore, the Traveler can access any previous element they've resonated with at will. During the mid-battle cutscene in {{Quest|Heart of Glaze|showType=0}}, the Traveler uses both Anemo and Geo, regardless of their currently resonated element. This ability to wield multiple elements at once is shown again in {{Quest|Natlan! A New Adventure|showType=0}}, as the Traveler demonstrates to [[Kachina]] their use of Electro, Hydro, and Anemo in front of a [[Statue of The Seven]]. During those quick-swaps, the Traveler's gems immediately switch to the relevant element's glow.
*** Starting in [[Version 2.0]], pre-rendered cutscenes and Hangout Memories usually have the Traveler's element match the region's element instead of the player's current Traveler alignment.
** Pyro is the only element the Traveler was unable to resonate with upon first arriving in [[Natlan]]. For this reason, art and cutscenes featuring the Traveler in Natlan kept the blue Hydro elemental glow, obtained in the previous region of Fontaine, until {{Quest|Where All Hopes Lie|showType=0}}, where [[Yohualtecuhtin, Lord of the Night|Yohualtehcutin]] grants the Traveler the element along with special Constellations to aid in defeating the [[Lord of Eroded Primal Fire]]. Afterwards, the Traveler can resonate with Pyro with Natlan's Statue of the Seven just like other elements. 
* The Traveler is one of the characters with ornaments that glow. {{Transclude|Rising Star|Glowing Ornaments}}
* {{Transclude|Rising Star|Projection of Elemental Symbols}}
* In the Traveler's Chinese official introduction, as well as the first official artbook, their profile's Constellation parameter reads {{lang|mini=1|zh=命之座 (伪)|zh_tl=Constellation of Life (Pseudo)}}, which is not found on any other character's profile.<ref>Chinese HoYoverse: [https://bbs.mihoyo.com/ys/article/68073 {{Zh|主角角色卡解禁！提瓦特冒险之旅即将展开}}]</ref> In-game, the Traveler's Constellation parameter is named the same as everyone else's.
* Despite their youthful appearance, the Traveler descended on Teyvat five hundred years ago and has been traveling between different worlds for an unknown amount of time before that, making them older than they look. In a developer video regarding Azhdaha's design, one developer mentions that "the Traveler's life span is by no means short."<ref>Design Notes, Azhdaha: [[Azhdaha/Design#Core: Azhdaha's Initial Design|The Birth of a Dragon § Core: Azhdaha's Initial Design]]</ref> While talking with [[Citlali]] about outliving others during her [[Tribal Chronicles]], the Traveler states that not only are they much older than they look, but would likely outlive her as well.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Please, great shaman!}}</ref> A running gag in the game features the Traveler hoping to drink alcohol only to be rebuffed, probably on account of their youthful appearance.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Beidou|Good Evening}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Zhongli's Treat}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Qingce Village Treasure Hunt}}</ref> On other occasions, the Traveler voluntarily rejects alcohol.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Charles}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Nelson}}</ref> Voiceover lines with Paimon indicate, however, that the Traveler thinks and acts in a manner befitting a mature adult.
** As such, a select few characters are aware the Traveler comes from outside Teyvat:
*** [[Barbatos]], [[Morax]], [[Beelzebul]], [[Buer]], and [[Mavuika|Haborym]] are aware of the Traveler's origins, likely due to their status as part of [[The Seven]], though Barbatos had to be explicitly informed by Paimon of this as he was initially unaware. The [[Tsaritsa]] is also likely aware of this, as Buer was able to locate Fatui records categorising the Traveler as one of the Descenders.
**** Although she was maintaining a façade of being an Archon, [[Furina]] is aware of the Traveler's origins, as the Traveler told her about it during their discussion prior to her trial.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Apocalypse}}</ref>
***[[Neuvillette]] is aware of the Traveler's origins, likely due to being one of the [[Seven Sovereigns]] and their shared experiences of being outsiders to Fontaine.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Finale}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Familiar Threat}}</ref>
*** [[Fischl]]<ref>{{Ref/VO|Fischl|About Us: Beings Who Descended Upon This World}}</ref> and [[Kamisato Ayato]]<ref>{{Ref/VO|Kamisato Ayato|More About Kamisato Ayato: V}}</ref> are somehow able to determine this without any apparent logic.
*** [[Mona]] determines this through her astrology.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Mona|About Us: Your Fate}}</ref>
*** [[Albedo]] compares himself similarly to the Traveler, while also discerning this through their ability to use multiple elements without a Vision.
*** Similarly to Albedo, [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] also notes that the Traveler is capable of using multiple elements without a Vision, while also commenting to them that they have an "incredibly complex" smell that he compares to a mysterious being.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Crux Clash (Quest)}}</ref>
*** [[Xinyan]] also knows that the Traveler is not from this world. Based on how she talks about this fact, it seems that the Traveler has deliberately told her about their origin.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Xinyan|About Us: Kindred Spirits}}</ref>
*** [[Ganyu]] has at least been able to clue in that the Traveler is different from other people of Teyvat, viewing them as something not exactly human similar to herself.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Ganyu|About Us: Requests}}</ref>
*** [[Aloy]] was told by the Traveler that they also aren't from this world, and that they stayed to look for their sibling.<ref>{{Ref/Companion|Aloy}}</ref>
*** The Traveler reveals this to [[Nilou]], [[Navia]], [[Kirara]], and the [[Wanderer]] at the end of ''[[Summertide Scales and Tales]]'' by saying they have "traversed many worlds" in their blessing to [[Mini Durin]], although the Wanderer may have previously known the fact upon regaining his [[Scaramouche|previous incarnation]]'s memories.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Until the End of the World|quote='''{{Traveler}}:''' I, a Traveler who has traversed many worlds, give to you my blessing. May you find friendship and goodwill, no matter where you go.}}</ref><ref>{{Quest|Inversion of Genesis}}</ref>
*** Through fortune-telling, [[Citlali]] determines this and the Traveler's status as a [[Descender]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|As One We Watch the Setting Sun}}</ref> [[Xilonen]] is also present at the event.
*** When [[Lan Yan]] attempted to connect the Traveler to the Seven-and-Eight Gate Method array, the [[Ley Line]]s did not respond due to them not containing information on the Traveler, a revelation that surprised Lan Yan. [[Ningguang]] was present when this occurred.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Qimen Arts and the Rite of Homa, the Spirits are Calmed and Life Restored}}</ref>
* The Chinese version of the opening cutscene trailer is titled {{lang|mini=1|zh=空中荧火|zh_tl=Luminescent Lights in the Aether}}, which incorporates both Aether and Lumine's default names.<ref>Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/av97103260 {{Zh|《原神》全新开场动画-「空中荧火」}}]</ref>
* According to the Chinese, Japanese, and Korean pronouns the twins use to address each other in the opening cutscene and in later interactions, Aether is the older twin and Lumine is the younger. The English translation does not make distinction on which is the older/younger twin.
* The Traveler is implied to be skilled at playing chess, or at least good enough to surprise [[Diluc]].<ref>{{Ref/VO|Diluc|More About Diluc: V}}</ref>
* As children, both the Traveler and their sibling had imaginary friends.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Child's Secret}}</ref>
* [[The Steambird]]'s [[Teyvat Food Notes]] columnist, Long'er, is a rendition of Aether. (See [[Teyvat Food Notes#Trivia|Teyvat Food Notes § Trivia]] for details.)
* The Traveler likes rock 'n' roll.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Yun Jin|About Us: Rock 'n' Roll}}</ref>
* The {{Quest|Archery Demonstration}} reveals that the Traveler is proficient in archery. However, because the Traveler only wields a sword in-game, they must rely on ranged Talents such as [[Starfell Sword]] to complete the commission.
* The Traveler's voice-over line [[Traveler/Voice-Overs#About Jugemu|About Jugemu]] references the famous {{w|Jugemu|Rakugo story}} about a child named a very long name due to his parents' indecision.
* The Traveler's voice-over line [[Traveler/Voice-Overs#About Tanuki|About Tanuki]] has the traveler humming [https://youtu.be/XeQPaBcNwGA "Shojo Temple Tanuki"] {{Lang|ja_rm=Shōjōji no tanuki-bayashi|ja_tl=Shojo Temple Tanuki}} in Chinese, Japanese, and Korean. In English, the traveler hums randomly.
* The Traveler and the Captain from ''{{w|Honkai Impact 3rd}}'' are both seen commenting on a video in the Character Trailer for [[w:c:honkaistarrail:Robin|Robin]] from ''{{w|Honkai: Star Rail}}'', both of which are [[HoYoverse]] games.
** The Traveler's profile picture is shown to be a silhouette of Aether's in-game avatar. Likewise, the Captain's is shown to be a silhouette of Ai-chan.
* The Traveler has been granted the following titles:
** Honorary Knight of the [[Knights of Favonius]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Shadow Over Mondstadt}}</ref>
*** Honorary Knight From a Faraway Land<ref name="4th Anniversary"/>
** "Visitor From Outer Worlds" (by [[Fischl]])<ref>{{Ref/CS|Fischl|Vision}}</ref>
** The Hero of Liyue<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref><ref name="4th Anniversary">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/j3661mhHfvY?si=XAloJhyYFCWBsG7j 4th Anniversary Theme Song: "Passing Memories" - Faouzia]</ref>
** Destined One (by [[Hanachirusato]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Strange Story in Konda}}</ref>
** Captain of Swordfish II<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Sword, Fish, Resistance}}</ref>
** First Sage of [[Buer]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}</ref>
** Fourth [[Descender]]<ref name="A Toast to Victory">{{Ref/Quest|A Toast to Victory}}</ref>
** Golden Comet<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Most Fantastic Tournament You've Never Heard Of?}}</ref>
** Master of the [[Liloupar|Jinni]] (by the [[Tanit]] tribe)
** Yasnapati of the [[Pari]] (by [[Sorush]])
** Honorary Senior Researcher of the [[Fontaine Research Institute]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fontaine Research Institute, Stagnating in the Rubble}}</ref>
** Super Zenith Boss-Level Force (by [[Turenna]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lil' Fungi's Fun-Tastic Fiesta!}}</ref>
** God of Victorious Linebreaking (by [[Delaroche]])<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Delaroche's Bait}}</ref>
** Witness of Teyvat<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Apocalypse}}</ref>
** Proto-Boss (by [[Turenna]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Scenarios for Study}}</ref>
** [[Oni King]]'s Right Hand<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Arataki Blazing Armor Beetle Battle Boot Camp!}}</ref>
** Paladin of Breezes and Bells (by [[Cimest]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Forest and the Princess}}</ref>
** Marquis of Carabas<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Narration Footnotes}}</ref>
** Chosen of Dragons<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Open Your Heart to Me}}</ref>
** Knight of Flowers (during the [[Sabzeruz Festival]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Give Her Memories}}</ref>
** Tumaini ([[Ancient Name]] forged by [[Xilonen]])<ref name="AtSRaS">{{Ref/Quest|As the Sun Rises and Sets}}</ref>
* The Traveler is the first Ancient Name bearer to not be a native inhabitant of Natlan.<ref name="AtSRaS"/>
* The Traveler is referred to by several nicknames:
** Their blonde hair has been the basis of a few nicknames, such as [[Kayabuki Ikkei]]'s "blond-haired outlander" and "Golden Whirlwind," [[Taliesin]]'s "golden-haired {{Traveler}}," and [[Kichiboushi]]'s "Yellow Fur" (shortened from "{{MC|Uncle|Aunt|mc=1}} Yellow Fur"). In [[Sumeru]], the [[Aranara]] give the Traveler the nickname "Golden Nara" presumably also in reference to their blonde hair.
*** The Traveler is not fond of such nicknames, going as far as to call Taliesin's (and Paimon's "Blondie") "terrible-sounding, non-consensual appellations."<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Taliesin|s=1}}</ref> They also disapproved of Kichiboushi's nickname, but tolerated it for the duration of ''[[Eight Locales Over Mountains and Seas]]''.
** [[Teucer]] addresses them as "{{MC|Mr. Nice Guy|Ms. Nice Lady|mc=1}} throughout {{Quest|Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!|showType=0}}, because despite having known the Traveler's identity the entire time, he forgot their name.
** The Traveler and Paimon are sometimes called "the Guests of Tenshukaku" by Inazuman characters, such as [[Souka]] in the [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]] event.
** Souka also referred to the Traveler as "[[Raiden Shogun|Her Excellency]]'s [[Reflections of Mortality|Hanamizaka tour]] confidante."
** A prince/princess in exile (by [[Liloupar]])
** Knight (by [[Ann]] and other members of the Narzissenkreuz Adventure Team)
** Star Outlander (by [[Mualani]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Flickering Light Splits in Twain}}</ref>
** {{MC|m=Gramps|f=Other Granny}} (by [[Ororon]])<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To Whence the Smoke Drifts}}</ref>

===Etymology===
* The English name "{{w|Aether (classical element)|Aether}}" is the name of the fifth element in ancient and medieval science, which fills the universe beyond the terrestrial sphere. 
** In Greek mythology, the god {{w|Aether (mythology)|Aether}} was the personification and god of the clear upper sky which embodies the air that the gods breathe. The Greek word Aether, both modern and ancient Greek, also means sky.
** In Chinese, Japanese, and Korean, his name is {{Lang|mini=1|zh={{wt|空}}|zh_tl=Sky, Air, Void.}} In Buddhism, this word is used to denote the concept of {{w|Śūnyatā}}, which has multiple meanings but generally relates to the lack of intrinsic, permanent existence or nature.
*** In the Japanese {{w|Godai (Japanese philosophy)|Godai}} philosophy of the five elements, which is based on both Buddhism and the Chinese {{w|Wuxing (Chinese philosophy)|Wuxing}} elements, Void is the highest of them.
* In English, Lumine is of Latin origin and means "light."
** In the Chinese version, {{zh|荧|Yíng}} means "luminous" or "bright."
** In Japanese, her name is {{ja|蛍|Hotaru}} means "firefly."
* Their Constellation, {{wt|viator|Viator|Latin}} or {{wt|viatrix|Viatrix|Latin}}, are both Latin for "traveler." The terms are the masculine and feminine forms of the word.
** The Chinese name for their Constellation, {{Lang|mini=1|zh=旅人|zh_rm=lǚrén}}, also means "traveler."

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Character Navbox|Lore}}

[[fr:Voyageur/Histoire]]
[[ja:旅人/ストーリー]]
[[pl:Podróżnik/Fabuła]]
[[pt-br:Viajante/Perfil]]
[[ru:Путешественник/Лор]]
[[th:นักเดินทาง/เนื้อเรื่อง]]
[[tr:Gezgin/Hikaye]]
[[uk:Мандрівники/Відомості]]
[[vi:Nhà Lữ Hành/Cốt Truyện]]
[[zh:旅行者/故事]]