{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73674
|image         = Event Quest Treasures Beneath the Vines.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lost Riches/2022-09-02
|event_label   = Lost Riches
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Traveler; Ulman
|startLocation = [[Avidya Forest]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|prev          = The Path of the Treasure-Seeker... Part II?
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4;Treasure-Seeking Seelie*1
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Lost Riches/2022-09-02|Lost Riches]] Event
}}
'''''Treasures Beneath the Vines''''' is an [[Event Quest]] to introduce the [[Lost Riches/2022-09-02|third Lost Riches]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Ulman]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You run into a strange person near [[Sumeru City]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Ulman)
:'''Ulman:''' Didn't you bring me here, little one? Keep moving!
:'''Ulman:''' Never mind, you better stay put...
;(If the player has not participated in a previous Lost Riches event)
::{{DIcon}} What are you up to?
::{{DIcon}} Is this... a Seelie?
:::'''Ulman:''' You mean the little one? Ugh, sort of...
::'''Ulman:''' I'm duped by it, again... Let me give you a rundown from the beginning.
::'''Ulman:''' For starters, you may not believe Seelies are somehow easily drawn to me.
::'''Ulman:''' Among the Seelies that came to follow me, I found one kind that is particularly keen on treasure-seeking.
::'''Ulman:''' I'm not good at naming. I'll just call them Treasure-Seeking Seelies.
::'''Ulman:''' They excel at treasure-seeking. With their help, I dug up a lot of treasures and made a profit with them.
::'''Ulman:''' But sometimes they suddenly tune out on me. I don't know if they're tired of the seeking, or just think I'm too boring...
::'''Ulman:''' Then I'd find a helper favored by the Seelies.
::'''Ulman:''' The helper takes Treasure-Seeking Seelies to locate the treasures, and I sell them for a fair price.
::'''Ulman:''' They say ruins and antiques are everywhere in Sumeru. So I came to look for my fortune.
::'''Ulman:''' And I attracted a bunch of Seelies here, of course. Some Treasure-Seeking Seelies brought me here.
::'''Ulman:''' But they ignored me again not long after I scooped up some dirt...
::'''Ulman:''' Eh? Why did it suddenly start to move? Could it be...
::'''Ulman:''' Traveler, are you interested in treasure-seeking with Seelies?
::{{DIcon}} Me?
::{{DIcon}} I don't know their language...
::'''Ulman:''' That won't be necessary. Just follow it and dig where it stops.
::'''Ulman:''' How's that sound? Just give it a try... If you scoop up some treasure, I'll only want the "Ancient Iron Coins" if there is any. The rest is all yours!
::'''Ulman:''' And say you do help me find some of those coins, I'll pay you for them at a fair price.
::{{DIcon}} I could give it a go...
:::'''Ulman:''' That's the spirit! I like you!
::{{DIcon}} What are "Ancient Iron Coins"?
:::'''Ulman:''' Simply put, it's a kind of antique.
:::'''Ulman:''' With good connections, I'll be able to exchange the coins for some decent stuff.
:::'''Ulman:''' I haven't found any good connections though...
::'''Ulman:''' Anyways, we are partners now!
::'''Ulman:''' Take this notebook. I recorded on it some hidden treasure sites I found before but haven't had a chance for a dig.
::'''Ulman:''' I'm counting on you then, Traveler. Come back and bring me the "Ancient Iron Coins" if you find any.
;(If the player has participated in a previous Lost Riches event)
::{{DIcon}} Ulman?
::{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
::'''Ulman:''' Traveler? It's been a while.
::'''Ulman:''' Are you still bumming around the world? I've heard many amazing stories about you. You're really phenomenal.
::'''Ulman:''' What troubles are you gonna fix this time in Sumeru?
::{{DIcon}} Don't jinx me.
:::'''Ulman:''' Right, back to business, Traveler. How about another team-up action?
::{{DIcon}} Not before I "fix" you first.
:::'''Ulman:''' Haha, better not. I wouldn't be strong enough to take your fixing punches.
:::'''Ulman:''' Seriously, Traveler. How about we team up again?
::'''Ulman:''' The land of Sumeru is strewn with treasures. Mora everywhere.
::'''Ulman:''' Seelies are drawn to me as usual. And the Treasure-Seeking Seelies we got so familiar with are among them too.
::'''Ulman:''' Same as before. You and the Seelies look for treasures, and I'll prepare your payment.
::'''Ulman:''' We'll surely rake it in as a team!
::{{DIcon}} "Iron Coins" again?
:::'''Ulman:''' No. This time I'm looking for "Ancient Iron Coins," which are worth more.
:::{{DIcon}} It's just another coin!
:::'''Ulman:''' It's not! The antique ones sell for more Mora.
::{{DIcon}} Can't you find someone else?
:::'''Ulman:''' Well, you always team up with the one you are familiar with.
:::'''Ulman:''' And we're friends! I look out for my friends.
:::{{DIcon}} Last time we met, you didn't have that silver tongue.
:::'''Ulman:''' Hehe, that's what you must have to persuade your buyers.
::'''Ulman:''' So it's a deal then. Let's make a pile as a team like we used to!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Treasures Beneath the Vines
|zhs     = 蔓下秘宝
|zhs_rm  = Màn Xià Mìbǎo
|zht     = 蔓下秘寶
|zht_rm  = Màn Xià Mìbǎo
|zh_tl   = Secret Treasure Under Vines
|ja      = 蔓の下にある秘宝
|ja_rm   = Tsuru no Shita ni Aru Hihou
|ja_tl   = Treasure Beneath the Vines
|ko      = 덩굴 아래의 보물
|ko_rm   = Deonggul Arae-ui Bomul
|ko_tl   = Treasures Under the Vines
|es      = Tesoros bajo las enredaderas
|es_tl   = Treasures Below the Creepers
|fr      = Trésors sous les lianes
|fr_tl   = Treasures Beneath the Vines
|ru      = Сокровища под лозой
|ru_tl   = Treasures Under Vine
|th      = สมบัติใต้เถาวัลย์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kho Báu Dưới Lớp Dây Leo
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schatz unter den Reben
|de_tl   = Treasure Beneath the Vines
|id      = Harta Karun Di Bawah Tanaman Merambat
|id_tl   = Treasures Beneath the Vines
|pt      = Tesouros Sob as Vinhas
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[ru:Сокровища под лозой]]
[[pt-br:Tesouros Sob as Vinhas]]