{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19044
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Bennett
|actNum        = I
|act           = Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)
|startLocation = [[Thousand Winds Temple]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Thousand Winds Temple
|prev          = Adventurous Acquaintance
|domain        = Deserted Ruins of Thermadon
|characters    = Bennett; Royce; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Treacherous Thermadon''' is a quest in the third branch of [[Bennett]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)|Fantastic Voyage]].

==Steps==
# Enter the ruins
#* Enter [[Temple of the Wolf]]'s Quest Domain: [[Deserted Ruins of Thermadon]]
# Talk to Bennett
# Accompany Bennett and proceed onward
* If you chose to not share resources:
*# <li value=4> Investigate the vicinity and find a way out

==Dialogue==
===Treacherous Thermadon===
{{Quest Description|You should only go adventuring after making sure that you're fully prepared! You and Bennett prepare some food before you challenge the [[Deserted Ruins of Thermadon]].}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Bennett)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904402 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It feels pretty ordinary here... I was expecting some kind of sense of impending doom.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904402 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Could it be that because you're here with me, I'm feeling more at ease? Hehe...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904402 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ahh, it looks like... the door in the front is closed and only the door behind us is open...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904402 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' That mechanism must be for opening the next door, right?
:{{DIcon}} I think so.
:{{DIcon}} Well, that's pretty much our only option.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904402 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Right. Well, we're on the same page at least.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904402 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'll go try to operate it.
:;(Bennett activates the mechanism which opens the doors while closing the doors behind them)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Just as I expected, hehe.
:{{DIcon}} But now the door behind us is closed...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah, so it is...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm... a true adventurer can't just barge on forward. It's also important to make sure there is a way back. That's what my dads always say.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Lemme try the mechanism one more time...
:'''Mechanical Device:''' *clicking sounds*
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm, it seems to be... jammed.
:{{DIcon}} Not what I expected, but not exactly unexpected.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' This is not good... It seems that we can't get back the way we came.
:{{DIcon}} Does that mean... we're locked in here?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I think so, at least, it seems that way for now...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But, don't let it get you down!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' This kind of thing happens all the time. We just have to believe that there's always a way out.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 royce 01.ogg}} '''???:''' What the... What's going on...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hey, did you hear that?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Sounded like it came from the door up ahead of us... Could there be other people in the ruin, too?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904403 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Let's go check it out!

;(Interact with the Mechanical Device)
:'''Mechanical Device:''' This mechanism makes clacking, whirring noises. It appears to be stuck.

----

;(Follow Bennett into the next room)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904407 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Over there, another adventurer by the looks of it.

;(Talk to Bennett after following him to the other adventurer)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hello, fellow adventurer! We, like you, are here to&mdash;
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 01.ogg}} '''[[Royce]]:''' ...BENNETT!?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah&mdash; Royce...!? It's you!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 02.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Oh no, oh please, oh no, no, no...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm so happy to see you again! How are you doing? I've been thinking about you and the other guild members a lot recently...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 03.ogg}} '''Royce:''' This is the worst! Ugh... Why did I have to run into you...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 04.ogg}} '''Royce:''' It took me forever to get this door open! Finally, I was about to advance further in, and all of a sudden... it {{sic|closes|hide=1}} again.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah, I guess that's because I activated the mechanism just now...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 05.ogg}} '''Royce:''' I knew it, I knew it! Of course it was you, I knew it as soon as I saw you.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 06.ogg}} '''Royce:''' As long as you are around, no adventure can ever be a smooth ride! Ugh... This is turning into a very bad day...
:{{DIcon}} That's a bit harsh, isn't it?
:{{DIcon}} How can you blame it all on someone else?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 07.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Who are you? And what the heck were you thinking, teaming up with Bennett!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hey! Don't fight, don't fight...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' (Traveler), let me introduce Royce, a former member of Benny's Adventure Team, and... and old friend of mine.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 08.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Friend!? I didn't even tell you I was leaving the team, and you still think of me as... your friend...?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 09.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Ugh, never mind, I'm a little on edge because of what just happened. I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, it was my fault... haha...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 10.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Ya think? *sigh* I left because at that time, I really couldn't stand it a second longer. My adventures always used to go off without a hitch...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 11.ogg}} '''Royce:''' But after joining your adventure team, I was tripping and falling one day, getting struck by lightning the next&mdash; Oh, and the number of times ruins would cave in on us...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 12.ogg}} '''Royce:''' I just couldn't dismiss it as "mere coincidence" anymore...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 13.ogg}} '''Royce:''' The last straw was when my left leg got hit by that random explosion that came out of nowhere. After that, I couldn't stand it anymore... both literally and figuratively. *sigh* So I left... and went back to being an independent adventurer...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 14.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Only afterward did I start hearing the horror stories about Benny's Adventure Team... *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} Bennett didn't volunteer for this bad luck.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 15.ogg}} '''Royce:''' ...You're right, I really shouldn't have put the blame on him like that.
:{{DIcon}} So that's why you left him?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 16.ogg}} '''Royce:''' I didn't think about it much at the time, I was just focused on my own survival, but... there was no other way...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Alright, alright, it's all in the past now. Talking about all the bad things that happened will only make you more upset, right?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Um... Royce... I still want to say sorry for all the trouble I caused you.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 17.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Oh... no need to apologize to me. I have made my fair share of mistakes, too...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh! Yeah... there's one more thing I need to tell you. The door we came through on the way in also got closed, and... I don't think we can get it open again.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So we're probably trapped here now. What a pain in the butt, haha...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 18.ogg}} '''Royce:''' ...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 19.ogg}} '''Royce:''' BENNETT!!!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 20.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Ugh! Everything always goes wrong when I'm with you!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh... well... there's nothing I can do... sorry.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 21.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Ugh, what am I gonna do!? I've used up all of my supplies already!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 22.ogg}} '''Royce:''' This is it... This is how I go, isn't it...? Here, today, and all because of Bennett... *whimpers*
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well... I don't know what I could do to apologize. If you don't mind, maybe we can share some of our supplies with you.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah, but of course, I'll have to check with my partner first. So, what do you think?
:{{Hangout Branch|You cooked it, you can do whatever you want with it.|#Ending: Taste Tester Royce|Ending: Taste Tester Royce}}
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 23.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Ugh... alright... I am quite hungry. I supposed I shall accept your kind offer.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 24.ogg}} '''Royce:''' ...Is this the "supplies" you were talking about? Why do i have the feeling that this dish is... a bit suspect?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It's fine, honestly! It's been with my partner all along, so it shouldn't be tainted with my bad luck...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 25.ogg}} '''Royce:''' If that's true then... okay. Anyway, this is not a time to nitpick.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 26.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Then... I guess I'll just have... little bite..
::
::'''''Royce wolfs down his Ominous Dish...'''''
::
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 27.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Hmm, tastes a little... Huh, what a strange texture... Ugh, what is that churning feeling in my stomach...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 28.ogg}} '''Royce:''' ...B&mdash;Bennett...
::;(Royce falls to the ground)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hey, what's wrong? Royce!
::
::<h4>Ending: Taste Tester Royce</h4>
::<dl><dd><dl><dd>{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Taste Tester Royce
|character       = Bennett
|act             = 1
|description     = Should you say that it was... fortunate that Royce ate that first?
}}</dd></dl></dd></dl>
:{{Hangout Branch|No way. You don't owe him anything.|#Ending: Ready to Make Sacrifices|Ending: Ready to Make Sacrifices}}
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But it was because of my bad luck, though...
::{{DIcon}} This is why you should focus on yourself more.
::{{DIcon}} Stop trying to accommodate others all the time.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So you mean... as the unlucky one, I should think of myself more...
::{{DIcon}} Bennett, you did nothing wrong.
::{{DIcon}} If you only think about caring for others, who will take care of you?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 20.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Heh... you do have a point there...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 21.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It's just, I've been used to thinking this way for a long time. Hearing you say that, though, I feel like maybe I do need to take better care of myself.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 22.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Uh... I'm sorry Royce, we'll have to keep the rest of our supplies for ourselves. But, let's try to find a way out together.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 29.ogg}} '''Royce:''' Hmph, nobody cares about your supplies. Knowing you, they're probably cursed anyway!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 30.ogg}} '''Royce:''' As for finding the exit together &mdash; count me out!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 31.ogg}} '''Royce:''' With Bennett around, I'm sure any exit I find will only be blocked!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 bennett 23.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well... then take care, Royce.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 32.ogg}} '''Royce:''' You&mdash;
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904404 royce 33.ogg}} '''Royce:''' *sigh* ...You take care too Bennett.
::
----
::
:;(Interact with the Door)
::'''Door:''' The door is shut tightly... There seems to be no way to open it.
::
:;(After activating each mechanism)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904410 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah, that was so dangerous!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904410 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I can't believe it, it's a trap...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904410 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm... Uh... Nope, no luck here.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904410 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Aww... What awful luck.
::
:;(After activating all mechanisms)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904410 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I've checked every single nook and cranny in this place...
::
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Aww... Still not a clue.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Is there really no way out of here apart from that broken mechanism?
::{{DIcon}} I'm afraid so...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, guess our only hope now is to wait for help.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The Adventurers' Guild might notice our disappearance and send someone.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Then again, that depends on how lucky we are... If the rescue team takes too long to find us, we might already be...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ugh, I hate feeling helpless, sitting here waiting for the end to come...
::{{DIcon}} ...You really have zero expectations when it comes to luck.
::{{DIcon}} What if help does arrive in time?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm... Yeah, I am being a bit too pessimistic. No, come on, this isn't like me.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Okay, let's double-check our supplies. Our priority right now is figuring out how long we can hold out.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Take out the dish I packed.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Huh... it's probably a little late for this, but...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...It looks kinda strange. Hmm, was there really something wrong with my cooking?
::{{DIcon}} Hate to say, I told you so...
::{{DIcon}} You might get food poisoning if you eat it.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah! This is bad. This is all we've got in terms of supplies.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I should have thought this through more...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hey, wait a minute...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Maybe we can find another use for it...
::{{DIcon}} Like what?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Long story short...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I once got injured when I was in this severely dangerous place and I got knocked unconscious. I really thought that was going to be the end of me.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But, turns out that's not how it went. Instead, according to Guild Master Cyrus who rescued me...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 20.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' After I lost consciousness, it was as if my bad luck just stopped affecting me. He took me back to Mondstadt without encountering any trouble at all along the way.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 21.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' And another time, I got knocked out in the field during a thunderstorm, but then I went the whole night without getting struck by lightning...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 22.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I wonder if my bad luck is related to whether I'm awake or not. Or in other words, it might be my consciousness that brings me bad luck.
::{{DIcon}} You mean... you want to sacrifice yourself?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 23.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Not really a sacrifice. I was just thinkin'...
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 24.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Maybe if I eat this strange dish... it's possible that I'll lose consciousness, right?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 25.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Once my bad luck is gone, surely help will be here soon!
::{{DIcon}} No, you're sacrificing yourself for others again...
::{{DIcon}} Bennett, no way, that's just too tragic!
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 26.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hehe, it's okay. It's better than dragging you and Royce down with me.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 27.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You made a great point earlier when you said that I should take better care of myself, but right now, this is a life-or-death situation. Hope you can understand.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 28.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Here goes!
::{{DIcon}} Bennett!
::
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904405 bennett 29.ogg}} '''''Bennett wolfs down his Ominous Dish...'''''
::<h4>Ending: Ready to Make Sacrifices</h4>
::<dl><dd><dl><dd>{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Ready to Make Sacrifices
|character       = Bennett
|act             = 1
|description     = You shook misfortune off for a time, but the price for it was...
}}</dd></dl></dd></dl>
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Treacherous Thermadon
|zhs     = 忒耳摩冬遗迹冒险
|zhs_rm  = Tè'ěrmódōng Yíjī Màoxiǎn
|zht     = 忒耳摩冬遺蹟冒險
|zht_rm  = Tè'ěrmódōng Yíjī Màoxiǎn
|zh_tl   = The Adventure of Thermadon Ruins
|ja      = テルモードン遺跡大冒険
|ja_rm   = Terumoodon Iseki Daibouken
|ja_tl   = The Great Adventure of Thermadon Ruins
|ko      = 테르마돈의 유적 모험
|ko_rm   = Tereumadon-ui Yujeok Moheom
|ko_tl   = Adventure of Thermadon Ruins
|es      = Aventuras en Thermadon
|es_tl   = Adventures in Thermadon
|fr      = Au cœur de Thermadon
|fr_tl   = In the Depths of Thermadon
|ru      = Исследование руин Термадона
|ru_tl   = Exploration of Thermadon Ruins
|th      = การผจญภัยในซากปรักหักพังแห่ง Thermadon
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thám Hiểm Di Tích Thermadon
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Trügerisches Thermadon
|de_tl   = Treacherous Thermadon
|id      = Thermadon yang Berbahaya
|id_tl   = Dangerous Thermadon
|pt      = Aventuras em Thermadon
|pt_tl   = Adventures at Thermadon
|tr      = Tehlikeli Thermadon
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Rovine pericolose
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}