{{Book Collection Infobox
|image     = Book Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi.png
|volumes   = 1
|quality   = 3
|vol1      = Sold by [[Kuroda]] at the [[Yae Publishing House]] in [[Inazuma City]]
}}
'''Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi''' is a [[Book Collection]] that can be bought from [[Yae Publishing House]] in [[Inazuma City]].

==Vol. 1==
{{Description|The first part of a traditional [[Inazuma]]n novel. This particular volume is also known as "Shinkageuchi," and was once a restricted text. It contains a fantastical tale about the first [[Makoto|Raiden Shogun]] and [[Ei|her kagemusha]], depicting the benevolent sagacity of the first Shogun and the great valor of her kagemusha. However, due to the great popularity of another book known colloquially as "[[Shogun Almighty: Reborn as Raiden With Unlimited Power|Raiden Reincarnation]]," many people became interested in stories of this kind. This book thus wound up being published in a haphazard manner.}}
It is often said that the "drawn bow is like the quartered moon, and studying the blade is like a circle of transparent jade."

It is said that when Narukami came to her people, she brought with her the knowledge of crafting swords. After thousands of years and hundreds of bountiful harvests, mortal swordsmiths were at last able to make swords that would please even Narukami herself. Thus did the Grand Shrine and the Shogunate enact this divine ceremony: they collected the greatest swords in the world and offered them up to the shrine, thus naming these blades "Goshintou." This ceremony was a very lively one indeed, and the practice persists to the present period. However, there are many behind-the-curtain matters concerning the "Goushintou" that few know of.<br />
No famous craftsman merely forges one blade in one sitting. The greatest of their works are known as "Shinuchi," and are given a lovely name before being offered to the craftsman's lord or deity. These are not built for taking lives and are to remain pure. The others are known as "Kageuchi" and will be given to retainers for them use as weapons. These will often be used to shed blood and will thus be stained with impurity and filth.

From the day Narukami Gongen, the First Shogun, began her dominion over the land of Inazuma, she was accompanied by her younger twin sister. "Shin" and "Kage," light and dark they were, mediating and holding court, ordering and giving battle. The younger of the two was named "Ei," and if her name were to be written plainly, it would likely be the word for "shadow," which she was in relation to the first Shogun, to whom she would become the successor.<br />
As most know, only The Seven emerged from the wrack and ruin of the war that rolled across the mortal world like a crimson storm. Though the Shadow Shogun was divinely skilled in martial arts and unsurpassed with the blade, she believed herself little more than a warrior with little understanding of mortal hearts. Thus, she chose to give up her bodily form, helping her sister to ascend to the [[Celestia|"heavenly citadel"]] and obtain dominion over Inazuma. Shortly after, the True Shogun, "Makoto," set up her Shogunate and began to rule over the land. Remembering their bond, she recalled "Ei"'s divine will and reforged her body, thus returning her sister to her side once more as her kagemusha.

==Trivia==
*The cover of the book is the same pattern as that on the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s namecard, [[Raiden Shogun: Enlightenment]].
*Ei states that ''Treasured Tales'' is fairly accurate regarding the events leading up to the war against [[Orobashi]], which has not yet been covered in the in-game books. However, she says that after that point, the book idealizes her motivations and actions.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|More About Ei: III}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Treasured Tales of the Chouken Shinkageuchi
|zhs     = 珍说澄研真影打
|zhs_rm  = Zhēn Shuō Chéng Yán Zhēn Yǐng Dǎ
|zht     = 珍說澄研真影打
|zht_rm  = Zhēn Shuō Chéng Yán Zhēn Yǐng Dǎ
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 研澄真影打ち珍説
|ja_rm   = Kenchou Shinkageuchi Chinsetsu{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Strange Tales of the Kenchou Shinkageuchi{{Sino}}
|ko      = 진설징연진영타
|ko_rm   = Jinseoljingyeonjinyeongta
|ko_tl   = Strange Tales of the Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi
|es      = Cuentos atesorados de las shinuchi y las kageuchi
|es_tl   = Treasured Tales of the Shinuchi and the Kageuchi
|fr      = Théories étranges du Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi
|fr_tl   = Strange Theories of the Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi
|ru      = Странные теории Киёсикэн Синкагэути
|ru_tl   = Strange Theories of the Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi
|th      = ทฤษฎีประหลาดของ Chouken Shinkageuchi
|th_rm   = Thritdi pralat khong Chouken Shinkageuchi
|th_tl   = The Peculiar Theories of Chouken Shinkageuchi
|vi      = Giả Thuyết Kỳ Lạ Về Chouken Shinkageuchi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kostbare Erzählungen über den Chouken Shinkageuchi
|de_tl   = Treasured Tales About the Chouken Shinkageuchi
|id      = Kisah Berharga Tentang Chouken Shinkageuchi
|id_tl   = Precious Tales About Chouken Shinkageuchi
|pt      = Teorias Estranhas de Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Chouken Shinkageuchi'nin İlginç Hikayeleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Racconti preziosi del Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Cuentos atesorados de las shinuchi y las kageuchi]]
[[fr:Théories étranges du Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi]]
[[pt-br:Teorias Estranhas de Kiyoshiken Shinkageuchi]]
[[ru:Странные теории Киёсикэн Синкагэути]]
[[uk:Дивовижні історії про кійошікен шінкаґеучі]]
[[vi:Giả Thuyết Kỳ Lạ Về Chouken Shinkageuchi]]