{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79021
|image         = Event Quest Treasure Voyage.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[The Ancient Azure Stars]]
|characters    = Miitoboru; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Minacious Isle]], [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|area          = Minacious Isle
|next          = 
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
}}
'''Treasure Voyage''' is an event [[World Quest]] in [[Golden Apple Archipelago]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] event.

The quest is automatically unlocked after completing [[The Ancient Azure Stars]].

==Steps==
# Go talk to [[Miitoboru]]
# Go to the place Miitoboru sensed
# Investigate the shipwreck
# Talk to Miitoboru
# Go to the place Miitoboru sensed
# Take a picture of the shipwreck
# Talk to Miitoboru
# Go to the place Miitoboru sensed
# Talk to Miitoboru
# Go to the place Miitoboru sensed
# Investigate the reef on the sea surface
# Go to the place Miitoboru sensed
# Look for pieces of Miitoboru on nearby beaches
# Go to the place Miitoboru sensed
# Talk to Miitoboru

==Notes==
*If the player takes the [[Bird Egg|Bird Eggs]] nested between the two planks before talking to Miitoboru, they will respawn right after.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Miitoboru, a waverider who claims himself to be a mighty pirate ship, seems to have something to discuss with you...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Ahoy there! You're finally here. I've been waiting for a long time. Even my deck is getting burrs.
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But this boat... does this boat even have a deck? This is a dinghy at most, haha.
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 03.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Who would've thought that I, the notorious pirate ship commanded by [[Ako Domeki]] would one day end up like this.
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're a big pirate ship? But who's Ako Domeki?
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 04.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' What? You don't even know who Ako Domeki is?
:{{DIcon}} Never heard of them.
:{{DIcon}} I... may have heard of them?
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 05.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Ako Domeki Zaemon? Defender of Seirai? The name of the most feared pirate ever to sail the seas... *sigh* Who would've thought...
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nope, the name doesn't ring a bell... Alright Miitoboru, you told us to come here, so tell us... What is this all about?
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 06.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It feels so weird being called that all of a sudden. Ugh... You see, as I said, I'm here because I drifted here...
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 07.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' So I'm thinking my original body must be nearby... It feels strange using the word "body," haha... but I do need to find it as soon as possible.
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 08.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I've lost track of how long I've been sleeping here, but I'm certain my companions will still be waiting for me. I need to find my body, get shipshape, and return to them as soon as possible!
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right...
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 09.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Aye, but I can't make it there on my own. After all, a talking ship is just a ship. It still needs someone at the wheel.
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 10.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Let's make a deal. You help me find my body, and I will help you find treasure in return!
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Treasure!
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 11.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I'm a pirate ship after all! Call it a pirate ship's intuition, or some kind of sixth sense &mdash; either way, the moment I woke up, I could sense that this area is filled with valuable treasures.
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 12.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You have my word, a pirate ship always finds its treasure, argh! Or may I be blighted with barnacles! What say ye, me hearties &mdash; do we have an accord?
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), let's help Miitoboru. If he finds his body and we get treasure in return, everybody wins!
:{{DIcon}} He had you at "treasure," huh?
:{{DIcon}} I had a feeling that might swing it for you.
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee... (Traveler)...
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 13.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' So, (Traveler)... Will you help me, or not?
:{{DIcon}} We'd be delighted.
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 bigmeatmaru 14.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Great! Well, there's a place I wanted to go to as soon as I woke up. Based on my pirate ship's intuition, there's be some big treasure hidden there! Argh! Let's head there and search for it!
:{{A|vo clwq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Time to set sail!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Follow Miitoboru's intuition and search for treasures out at sea.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo clwq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The place Miitoboru has sensed is right up there...
:{{A|vo clwq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, let's go check it out, (Traveler)!

;(Investigate the shipwreck)
:{{A|vo clwq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is this really the right place? There's nothing here but a shipwreck...
:{{A|vo clwq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miitoboru had better not be lying to us... Guess it's time to go back and ask our friend a couple of questions, (Traveler)!

;(Talk to Miitoboru)
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' How did it go? Did you find anything valuable?
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, Miitoboru!
:{{DIcon}} Hmph, Miitoboru!
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There is nothing on this island except for a shipwreck. What kind of intuition is that?
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' What? No, impossible...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 03.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Ah, I know! It must be because I have been sleeping for too long, and my intuition is not as sharp as it once was. Uhhh, as the saying goes, nobody's perfect, and certainly no boat's perfect either, right? Cut me a little slack, huh...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 04.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' The next place will be the one... I'm sure the next place will be full of treasure...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It'd better be! No more playing tricks on us this time!
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 05.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You have my word! ...But, um... the next place is a little far away, and I'm not sure of the precise location. All I know is that... it's somewhere northwest of here...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But there are so many islands in the northwest! You gotta give us a little more than that!
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a minute... If you mean one of the larger islands, there are only two of them in the northwest.
:{{DIcon}} The island full of raven statues...
::{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 06a.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Hmm... Now that you mention it, I do sense the cawing of ravens coming from over there...
::{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 06a 1.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But not just the sound of ravens, no... there be music as well...
:{{DIcon}} The island where musical flowers grow...
::{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 06b.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Musical flowers, hmm? Indeed... among the sounds I'm sensing, I hear music drifting across the sea...
::{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 06b 1.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But not just the sound of music, no... there's the non-stop cawing of ravens, too...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 07.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' To be precise, the "cawing" is coming from the east, and the "music" is coming from the southwest.
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you're hearing two sounds? Ugh... where could this darn treasure be...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But where can you hear the sounds from both islands at the same time...?
:{{DIcon}} Somewhere in between the two.
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, you're right, (Traveler)... Yup! That's exactly what Paimon was thinking too!
:{{DIcon}} Excellent work, Paimon.
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 08.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Argh! Then let's go over and take a look! Hahahaha...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 09.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You know... I must say, it seems you two are quite close.
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 09a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You bet! We've been on loads of adventures together and found lots of treasure before!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon is the best companion one could ask for!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon is the best guide in all of Teyvat!
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 10.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Argh... if only I'd been able to speak back when we were sailing on the sea, then maybe I would've been able to communicate with my companions just like you two...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 11.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You seem to have so much fun together, I'm a little jealous.
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee...
:{{A|vo clwq001 3 bigmeatmaru 12.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Alright! Time to find the center location of these two big islands!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here we are, this is right in between both islands.
:{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There'd better be some treasure this time.

;(Investigate the shipwreck)
:{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, surprise, surprise... There's nothing here either, except yet another shipwreck... well, half a shipwreck, anyway.
:{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was there no treasure this whole time? Um... Oh... But wait, both times Miitoboru thought he was sensing treasure, it turned out to be shipwrecks... Does that mean this is his body!?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe boats have a special platonic bond that draws them together.
::{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What does that mean? ...Ohhh, like they're ship-friends?
:{{DIcon}} It is possible.
::{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Not only did it break into two pieces, but the parts are also completely tattered...
:{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, (Traveler), why don't we take a picture of the boat and show it to Miitoboru...
:{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then he can confirm whether it's his body or not!

;(Take a picture of the shipwreck)
:{{A|vo clwq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We have the pictures! Come on, let's go back and show them to Miitoboru, (Traveler).

;(Talk to Miitoboru)
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miitoboru!
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' There you are, how did it go? Did you find something? Let me guess, you found a huge&mdash;
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' *sigh* A huge load of nothing? Ugh... I dropped the cannonball again, didn't I?
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Same as last time. Just another shipwreck.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe they're parts of your body? We took pictures of them, take a look!
:{{DIcon}} (Show the picture of the shipwreck...)
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 03.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Is this a painting? I didn't know you two could paint so well. Just look at the detail, down to the smallest blade of grass... It's just like the real thing!
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We didn't paint this. We took it using a [[Kamera]].
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 04.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' So it was drawn by a machine, through some high-speed mechanism...
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, even the mighty pirate ship has never seen a Kamera before!
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 05.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' What are you trying to say? It's not like I haven't seen similar things before. It's just like the Hell Paintings in all those legends.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 06.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But anyway, what's that thing in the middle of this... picture?
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's the shipwreck we found... Take a look! Could it be... your body?
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 07.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' ...
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 08.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Ha, impossible! Where did this sorry ship come from? It's a total wreck.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 09.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You may not know this, but I'm considered as the mightiest pirate ship of the Ako Domeki fleet. My hull is made of the best wood found on Seirai Island.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 10.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' The edges of my frame boards were refined with folding saws so that the pieces fit together perfectly. Then they were joined together and reinforced with large rivets, making me indestructible... There's no way I could end up like this!
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But your intuition led us to shipwrecks twice in a row...
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 11.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It's probably because of the special bond between all boats that draws us to one another. Before they ran aground, these ships may well have been self-aware too. The remnants of their spirit is most likely what I sensed.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 12.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Anyway, this can't be my body... My body is probably docked at a hidden port somewhere in these waters.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 13.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You'll see... My side panels are painted with the finest lacquer. Argh, what a majestic sight I used to be.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 14.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Once we find it, you'll realize how different I am from this shipwreck in your picture.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That sounds great! We should go for a cruise together sometime.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 15.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Argh, that's for sure!
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 16.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I can't believe I sensed the wrong thing twice in a row... The lack of maintenance has really taken the wind out of my sails as far as my intuition goes.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 17.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You have to apply caulk once in a while if you want a long-lasting voyage. That goes for people, too.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck is "caulk"? Is it the glue that holds all the parts of the ship together?
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 18.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Haha, Paimon, you're a funny one, aren't you. No, but you're not that far off!
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 19.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Caulk is the stuff we use to fill the gaps between the planks to stop water from leaking into the ship. It's made of rubber or something. Every once in a while, you gotta caulk the gaps as part of the maintenance!
:{{DIcon}} Just like how people need a good rest once in a while.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 20.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Exactly. Which reminds me, I got some good rest when you two went on that little adventure, I'm sure I'll be able to sense where the real treasure is now!
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 21.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Third time's the charm! Time to get serious. We'll definitely find something this time!
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon sure hopes so... Anything will do at this point...
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 22.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' What's wrong, Paimon? You don't sound like you believe me...
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 23.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Anyway... This time, I sense something in the southeast, on the sea surface. It doesn't feel like something very big. And that raises the chances of it being a small but valuable item, hahaha.
:{{A|vo clwq001 5 bigmeatmaru 24.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Come on, let's go!
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miitoboru felt like it should be somewhere around here. Hmm... could it be this reef?
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It looks kinda small... but let's go check it out anyway, (Traveler)!

;(Investigate the piece of a shipwreck)
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Surely you found something this time!
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Have I finally convinced you of this mighty pirate ship's razor-sharp treasure-hunting senses!
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All there was was a bird's nest...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So yeah, technically there were a couple of eggs... but that was all.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 03.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Oh... just, uh, just the two, you say?
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? So this is the valuable treasure you were talking about?
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 04.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Ahem, Paimon, you may not be aware, but the mightier the pirate ship, the longer its voyage at sea, you see... Eventually, the only food available onboard is dry fish...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 05.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' At times like this, a couple of bird eggs on a reef nearby can easily become the most valuable treasure to a crew.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miitoboru...
:{{DIcon}} Your excuses are so lame...
:{{DIcon}} That's nonsense.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 06.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Okay, fine... But how the heck did I end up sensing eggs? How strange...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 07.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I swear I sensed something!
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But there's nothing else on the reef...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Could it be these two planks? Seems like they were used as a shelter. Paimon wonders where they came from...
:{{DIcon}} Wait, this plank...

:'''A feeling hits you the moment you touch the plank.'''
:'''A newly painted hull, glowing in the warm rays of the sun.'''
:'''Dozens of hands pulling towlines.'''
:'''A powerful force dragging you downward, faster and faster...'''
:'''Until suddenly. Boom!'''
:'''A tremendous impact, followed by the sound of something heavy descending and floating up again.'''

:'''Suddenly, you are surrounded by the cold, freezing and suffocating.'''
:'''All of a sudden, you realize that this is the sea...'''
:'''And that's where you'll be drifting for the rest of your life...'''

:'''Then comes the hearty laugh of a man.'''
:'''"[[Asase Hibiki|Shrine Maiden]], it's another mighty ship! It deserves a nice name!"'''
:'''And he is answered by a helpless sigh...'''
:'''"I hope this ship will bring you back safely, so I shall name it after this place..."'''

:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What happened? What was that?
:{{DIcon}} Was that someone's memory?
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 08.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' *sigh*...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 09.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I know where this plank comes from. (Traveler), Paimon, what you saw just now was my own memory.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 10.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It was my first time sailing on the sea after I was built. The crew used greased planks to create a slipway, then launched me into the water...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 11.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' The thing is, it's really hard to control the angle at which the bow launches onto the water. It could very well break if you're not careful, which is why most people choose to launch the ship sideways instead.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 12.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' These two planks... Or should I say, these two side panels... They must have been the first parts of my body to make contact with the water.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Miitoboru... If your side panels are here, does that mean...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 13.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' ...Maybe I crashed into the reef here and was shattered to pieces long ago... And maybe the sensation I had when I woke up wasn't some kind of treasure-hunting intuition after all, but me responding to my own body...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 14.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' There I was, making fun of that shipwreck, blissfully unaware that I was actually making fun of my own body. Haha... Ah, how embarrassing.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We don't know that for sure! Maybe... maybe your body is still in one piece! Yeah, these two planks are probably just, um... part of your... family tree!
:{{DIcon}} You mean they're... wood-relatives?
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, could share the same roots! Even it's if not, there are loads of shipwrecks around here. These planks probably just belong to one of them.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 15.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But...
:{{DIcon}} Paimon is right.
:{{DIcon}} There are other possibilities.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 16.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I... *sigh* Thank you, both of you...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, Miitoboru, wasn't there something about your name mentioned in that memory? Do you remember your name now?
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 17.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' ...It's a pity, but I'm afraid I didn't see much more than you did. I still can't recall my name...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that's a shame...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 18.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It's not too bad! You and (Traveler) can keep calling me Miitoboru. It's a good name!
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, of course it is, Paimon picked it, after all. So, Miitoboru, is there anywhere else you want to go?
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 19.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Although I can sense two more places... I fear it will be the same situation as before. No treasures, only some driftwood...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It doesn't matter!
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 20.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Argh... but I swore there'd be treasure in this deal for you...
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's okay, Miitoboru... we're friends now!
:{{DIcon}} Friends don't do deals.
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 21.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Well, in that case... Whether it's treasure or not, let's hope you two can find something rather than nothing there.
:{{DIcon}} It's fine either way.
:{{DIcon}} Whatever the booty, we'll take it!
:{{A|vo clwq001 6 bigmeatmaru 22.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Haha, good! Let's go to the closer location first!
----
{{Quest Description|update|It seems that what Miitoboru has sensed is not the priates' "treasure," but peices of his own body. Although there is no more treasure, it would be nice to help him fulfill his wish of "retrieving his own body."}}

;(Approach the location)
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Yup, this is the place. The location I sensed is around here. I wonder what you'll find this time... well, I'll leave it to you!
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's start by taking a look along the coast, (Traveler).

;(Interact with the sword on a stone)
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sure enough, no treasure here...
:{{DIcon}} Does that really matter?
:{{DIcon}} Treasure isn't the be-all and end-all...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon knows that! ...Paimon just can't help feeling a little disappointed, that's all...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a wooden sword here. It looks like a children's toy...
:{{DIcon}} Then it's perfect for Paimon.
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey!
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' The thing I sensed... Could it be this wooden sword?
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Surely it couldn't be a wooden sword...
:{{DIcon}} I think it actually might be the wooden sword...

:'''A feeling strikes you when you touch the wooden sword.'''
:'''Waves several meters high slam against the side of the ship.'''
:'''The cracks caused by the impacts from the battle are aching.'''
:'''There is noise all around you... everywhere.'''
:'''An enemy jumps onto the deck, making the ship lurch.'''
:'''"Give up, Zaemon! Surrender now, and I'll spare your life!"'''

:'''Surrender? Impossible!'''
:'''At this very moment, the man holding a [["The Catch"|barbed spear]] looks surprisingly calm and determined.'''
:'''"I am Zaemon! The Deathless Oni of Seirai!"'''
:'''"I am a proud seaman, and I will never live in the mercy of my enemy!"'''

:'''Neither of them sees the far end of the battlefield.'''
:'''Neither of them sees the [[Thunder Manifestation|purple lightning unfurling like a bird's wings]] and engulfing the sky.'''
:'''There is a blinding white flash, a roaring shockwave that overturns everything.'''
:'''Your body is thrown into the air as you are stripped of all sense of direction.'''
:'''Only an endless thunderstorm follows.'''

:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that lightning was really powerful! What's this memory about?
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can still feel her head spinning...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 03.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Shiver me timbers!!! I remember now. The sea battle between Ako Domeki and the Shogunate. And then the lightning that came at the end of the battle...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 04.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' *sigh*... What could it have been?
;(If the player has not completed [[Seirai Stormchasers: Part IV]])
::{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon has no idea. It was really scary, though.
::{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 05.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Wait... So that thunderstorm was the reason I... the reason I drifted here. Aye, I was terribly injured in that storm. My whole body was falling apart...
;(If the player has completed [[Seirai Stormchasers: Part IV]])
::{{DIcon}} What's left of the [[Thunderbird]]'s wrath...
::{{A|vo clwq001 8 bigmeatmaru 04.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Well blow me down... Just a fraction of the Thunderbird's wrath, and yet still so powerful...
::{{A|vo clwq001 8 bigmeatmaru 05.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Wait! But the lightning came from Seirai Island... (Traveler), have you ever been there? Do you know what happened to the island after that?

::'''You tell Miitoboru about what happened on Seirai Island...'''

::{{A|vo clwq001 8 bigmeatmaru 06.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' No... I can't believe it... It was a truly terrible thunderstorm, it was... ah, I don't have the words to describe the horror of it.
::{{A|vo clwq001 8 bigmeatmaru 07.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' We stood up against the Shogunate precisely because we did not want our homeland to be ruled by them. We wanted to protect the people of Seirai Island...
::{{A|vo clwq001 8 bigmeatmaru 08.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' We made an enemy of the Shogunate for the sake of Seirai Island, and in the end... Oh, Shrine Maiden... Why...
::{{A|vo clwq001 8 bigmeatmaru 09.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Wait... So that thunderstorm was the reason I... the reason I drifted here. Aye, I was terribly injured in that storm. My whole body was falling apart...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 06.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It took all my strength to get here.
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Miitoboru... But what about the wooden sword? What does this have to do with it?
:{{A|vo clwq001 8 bigmeatmaru 11.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' This wooden sword... is made from my broken timber...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 07.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Zaemon once seized a [[Maguu Kenki|sword-wielding Maguu]] with his barbed spear. The Maguu drifted here with us. The wooden sword was probably crafted by local children, imitating the Maguu's sword...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 08.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' The body of the mighty pirate ship that once fought against the Shogunate, now reduced to a children's toy, of all things... Argh... my mind is awash with strange and complex feelings.
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So Miitoboru, should we take this with us? After all... it is a part of you...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 09.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' ...No, there's no point taking this now. Hmph, young scallywags... the little landlubbers got me this time!
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 10.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' ...*sigh* Although it's disappointing now that I remember the truth, somehow I feel relieved, too... At least I know what happened. I won't be deceiving myself with my wishful thinking any longer.
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 11.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' The only thing I'm worried about now is my old mateys who drifted here with me... I wish I could know how they're doing.
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure they'll be fine.
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 12.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Aye, let's hope so... Okay, there's one last place...
:{{A|vo clwq001 7 bigmeatmaru 13.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' I can feel it... it's the last piece of my body.
----
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is the last place somewhere around here?
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Aye, most surely. The precise location seems to be in that house on the beach... Wait, why a house? Don't tell me some landlubbers turned me into furniture...

;(Enter the conch)
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are a lot of wooden planks on this conch house... But they don't look like what we're after...
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Could it be the one on the stone?
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it, though? A board nailed onto two wooden strips, with a wooden mallet next to it...
:{{DIcon}} This is a musical instrument...
:{{DIcon}} I think you hit the wooden strips with the mallet...
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This? Is a musical instrument? Can it really make a decent sound?
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), why don't we try it out first before giving it to Miitoboru?

:'''You hit the wooden strips a few times...'''

:'''The Wooden Instrument:''' (The intact wood strips made a cool and crisp sound, while the damaged wood strips only made a muffled, heavy sound like ordinary wood...)
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's pretty sure this instrument hasn't been repaired in a looong time...
:{{A|vo clwq001 9 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, (Traveler), this must be the last fragment of Miitoboru's body. Come on, let's go tell him!

;(Talk to Miitoboru)
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 01.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' You're back. How did it go? Did you find anything?
:{{DIcon}} (Show the wooden musical instrument...)
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 02.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' This is indeed my last piece... But what the festering fishbait have they turned me into this time?
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We think it's a musical instrument! But it hasn't been fixed for a while, so you can't really play anything with it...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 03.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It that so? Argh, a pity, to be sure. Musical instrument... Hehe, I never imagine that my broken body could be used to play music...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 04.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It makes me think of my old mates... They used to sing when the mood took them...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 05.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' They'd sit by the beach, facing the campfire... Hey, what kind of sound does this instrument make? Why don't you give it a try. (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... it hasn't been caulked for a long time, so it might not sound as good as you're hoping.
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 06.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' It doesn't matter. Satisfy my curiosity! Just strike it and see what happens, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} (Strike the intact part of the musical instrument...)

:'''The feeling strikes you as you hear the crisp sound from the wooden instrument...'''
:'''You have been drifting for a long time, and you are seriously damaged. You can't sail any further..."'''
:'''Rather than pain, you are overwhelmed by regret.'''
:'''Me hearties, why are you looking at me like that?'''
:'''Is it because you have to go back without me?'''

:'''"Don't cry. How can we say goodbye to it when we are crying?"'''
:'''One of you says. Everyone begins to sing.'''
:'''Ah, if we're going to sing, don't be quietly wiping away the tears...'''
:'''If you're going to sing, smile and be happy...'''

:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 07.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Argh...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So they found a way back...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 08.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Aye... But since I was so badly damaged, it was the most I could do to bring them here. There was no way I could go back with them.
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 09.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Ah... It gladdens my heart to know that they are safe, but I... Even though I said goodbye to them, I still can't help thinking, what if I could have gone back with them...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 10.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Oh, how I wish we had returned together. With them, I would have been willing to go anywhere, no matter how dangerous...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 11.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' There are so many grand adventures for us to go on, so many treasures out there in the world, waiting for us to discover them.
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 12.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Why did I have to be left here, abandoned like this? I could do nothing but watch them leave and embark on a new journey... without me.
:{{DIcon}} That's how partings go, I guess...
::{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 13a.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Aye... I still feel the sadness now that I remember it, even after all this time.
:{{DIcon}} But they said goodbye to you with a smile...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 13b.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Laugh when you feel like crying, and press on when you feel like giving up. That's how you survive out on the ocean.
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 14.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Anyway, thank you for helping me remember all of this, thank you kindly. I'm afraid, though, that they seem to have taken most of the treasure with them when they left...
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't matter.
:{{DIcon}} Finding your memory is the most important thing.
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! In a way, all the things you sensed really were invaluable treasures &mdash; to you, at least!
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 15.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Aye, it's true. Tis a shame I can't repay your kindness... As a ship, there's only so much I can do...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 16.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' But, um... In the future, if I ever need your help again...
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll be here for you whenever you need us, Miitoboru! Right, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} Of course!
:{{A|vo clwq001 10 bigmeatmaru 17.ogg}} '''Miitoboru:''' Fantastic, thank you both! And if you ever voyage in these seas again, I will be your trusty companion!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/dbi7ceKMYko
|caption1 = Treasure Voyage Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Treasure Voyage
|zhs     = 寻物航行
|zhs_rm  = Xúnwù Hángxíng
|zht     = 尋物航行
|zht_rm  = Xúnwù Hángxíng
|zh_tl   = Item Seeking Voyage
|ja      = 宝探しの海の旅
|ja_rm   = Takarasagashi no Umi no Tabi
|ja_tl   = Sea Travel Treasure Hunt
|ko      = 보물을 찾아서
|ko_rm   = Bomul-eul Chajaseo
|ko_tl   = Finding the Treasure
|es      = Búsqueda marítima
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Exploration maritime
|fr_tl   = Sea Exploration
|ru      = Морские сокровища
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = แล่นเรือตามหาสิ่งของ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hành Trình Tìm Hàng
|vi_tl   = Journey to Find Treasure
|de      = Schatzsuchfahrt
|de_tl   = Treasure Hunt Voyage
|id      = Pelayaran Berburu Harta Karun
|id_tl   = Treasure-hunting Voyage
|pt      = Exploração Marítima
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}