{{CustomTabs
|tab1 = Overview
|tab2 = Enemy Group
}}
{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Treasure Hoarder Emblem.png
|caption      = 
|founder      = [[Reed Miller]]
|leader       = [[Freckle Huang]] <small>(Liyue Branch)</small><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Guizhong (Quest)}}</ref>
|base         = All of [[Teyvat]], mostly in [[Liyue]]
|region       = Snezhnaya
}}
{{Description|A ragtag group of bandits whose traces can be found all across the lands, even in the deepest depths of uncharted domains.<br>Although their main purpose is hunting treasure, they are also known to get rough with unfortunate bystanders who happen to be nearby.<br>It's said that the group's founder, [[Reed Miller]], defined the Treasure Hoarders as "an organization of mutual cooperation."|[[Adventurer Handbook]]}}
The '''Treasure Hoarders''' are a gang of bandits who search for treasures to obtain and are located all around [[Teyvat]].

==Description==
Originating from [[Nod-Krai]], the Treasure Hoarders are a group of bandits that can be found across numerous locations in [[Teyvat]], especially in ruins. Renowned for their Ravenwing motif, all members have their own reason of joining the criminal organization, but it is usually attributed either illegal activities or a lack of stable income. Not all members get along though, as some of them are more looked down upon than others. To protect their identities from law enforcement, most members wear a face mask. The few that don't are usually either of high importance or are used to draw unsuspecting victims into their traps.

Despite being a transnational thief organization, the Treasure Hoarders appear to have very little in common and appear to be somewhat disorganized, mostly due to the vast distances between each operating group.

According to [[Jilliana]], the Treasure Hoarders tend to burn the money that they acquire very quickly, resulting in a vicious cycle of wealth and poverty that most members cannot escape from.

The [[Mondstadt]] group of Treasure Hoarders do not appear to have much of a presence, though they do cause infrequent trouble from time to time.

The [[Liyue]] group of Treasure Hoarders are frequently found throughout Liyue, even in beneath the surface of the [[The Chasm (Subregion)|Chasm]]. Their greatest fear is the unexpected encounter to the captain of the [[The Crux|Crux]], [[Beidou]]. Most members must try to placate her needs if they run into her to avoid her wrath.

The [[Inazuma|Inazuman]] group of Treasure Hoarders occasionally work with the [[Nobushi]]. One member managed to collude with the [[Fatui]] under the plan for the [[Pure Electro Hypostasis|slumbering hypostasis]] in [[Kannazuka]].

The [[Sumeru]] group of Treasure Hoarders occasionally work with the Fatui and [[The Eremites|Eremites]] on rogue.

The [[Fontaine|Fontainian]] group of Treasure Hoarders appear to be in somewhat of a high reputation, as shown with the Mondstadt and Liyue groups having to convince the [[Grand Thief]] to assist them in what would be a failed heist against the [[Abyss Order]]. Groups of Treasure Hoarders roam the countryside, with some using rogue and/or stolen [[Clockwork Meka]] to assist them in various tasks such as mining or guarding. Other members are part of subgroups in the organization, such as the [[Fruity Order]]. In addition, some members also made excursions across the sea into [[Chenyu Vale]].

The [[Natlan|Natlanese]] group of Treasure Hoarders have a much smaller influence in Natlan compared to other nations. They occasionally work with the [[Sauroform Tribal Warrior|tribal warriors]] who join them for robbery businesses.

==Known Members==
===Founder===
* [[Reed Miller]]

===Mondstadt===
{{Column|2|
* [[Fleein' Lin]]
* [[Greg]]
* [[Izzard]]
* [[Klutzy Bazi]]
* [[Knotty]]
* [[Nimrod]] (informant to [[Kaeya]])
* [[Old-School Qi]] <!--These three are Chinese/Liyuean names, however they were encountered in Dragonspine-->
* [[Raptor]]
* [[Scrooge]]
* [[Tyler]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To Mondstadt}}</ref>
* [[Uwe]]
}}

===Liyue===
{{Column|1|{{Column|2|
* [["The Qingce Kid"]]
* [[Bao'er]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Little Raid}}</ref>
* [[Bei'er]]
* [[Brass Bull Zhao]]
* [[Carmen]]
* [[Chen the Flower]]
* [[Coiled Serpent]]
* [[Crafty]]
* [[Erge]]
* [[Fei the Flyer]]
* [[Flamehead Fan]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Undetected Infiltration}}</ref>
* [[Freckle Huang]] (Leader)
* [[Fujing]]
* [[Junming]]
* [[Kangsheng]]
* [[Liuliu]]
* [[Lousan]]
* [[Mountain Wang]]
* [[Ratbrow Thief]]
* [[Rateye Crook]]
* [[Sitting Tiger]]
* [[Slick Wu]]
* [[Slippery Wu]]
* [[Sneaky Wu]]
* [[Tang Wuchou]]
* [[Ulman]]
* [[Treasure Hoarders: Wallenstein|Wallenstein]]
* [[Who Am I?]]
* [[Xi Xiao'er]]
* [[Xingxiu]]
* [[Xiuyong]]
* [[Yan'er]] (Big Sis/"Boss")
}}}}

===Inazuma===
{{Column|1|{{Column|2|
* [[Gou]]
* [[Hideaki]]
* [[Ken]]
* [[The Farmer's Treasure#Steps|Koichirou]]
* [[The Farmer's Treasure#Steps|Kojirou]]
* [[Kousuke]]
* [[Miura]]
* [[Onoda]]
* [[Shun]]
* [[Tadao]]
* [[Yasuhisa]]
}}}}

===Sumeru===
{{Column|1|{{Column|2|
* [[Dara]]
* [[Dedebaba]]
* [[Gobley]]
* [[Narzam]]
* [[Pabag]]
* [[Papak]]
* [[Shefket]]
}}}}

=== Fontaine ===
{{Column|1|{{Column|2|
* [["Guileless Wolfhook"]]
* [["Ruthless Calla Lily"]]
* [["Trendy Zaytun Peach"]]
* [[Grand Thief]] (Deceased)
}}}}

=== Natlan ===
{{Column|1|{{Column|2|
* [[Coztic]]
* [[Matthias]]
}}}}

===Former Members===
* [["Intrepid Valberry"]]
* [["Tricky Bulle Fruit"]]
* [[Clitopho]]
* [[Golden Alligator]] (Beidou offers him a job)
* [[Jilliana]]<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Surprise Gift}}</ref>
* [[Li Dang]]<ref name="MoM">{{Ref/Quest|Moulder of Mountains}}</ref>
* [[Li Ding]]<ref name="MoM" />
* [[Old Chou]]
* [[Ross the Quick]]

==="Boss"===
During multiple [[World Quests]] in Liyue, including [[Share Not Your Treasures]] and [[Trails in Tianqiu]], the player can find notes left behind by Treasure Hoarders which reference a female Treasure Hoarder they refer to as "Boss." In many cases, this Boss will leave trails leading to supposed treasure to trick the player into falling into an ambush of Treasure Hoarders. This character likely holds a high position among the Treasure Hoarders, perhaps comparable to the position of Freckle Huang. She is also known as "Big Sis" or "Big Sis of the South."<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Involuntary Sacrifice}}</ref> It is later revealed that the identity of the "Boss" is [[Yan'er]].

==Trivia==
* As stated above, the Treasure Hoarders are one of the human enemies that will not fade away (like the [[Fatui/Enemy Family|Fatui]], [[Nobushi]]/[[Kairagi]], [[Millelith Soldiers|Millelith]] and [[Shogunate Samurai]] ), alongside the [[The Eremites/Enemy Group|Eremites]] and [[Sauroform Tribal Warrior|Sauroform Tribal Warriors]]. Instead, they will deploy smoke bombs to escape upon defeated. However, there are some exceptions:
** If ragdolled or drowned, they strangely still disappear in a puff of smoke.
** If defeated while in a [[Frozen]] state or petrified by [[Zhongli]]'s [[Planet Befall]], they will shatter like most other enemies.
** In [[Version 1.4]], they occasionally ragdolled from attacks that do not inflict knockdown (including from bow attacks). This issue was fixed in [[Version 2.0]].
* Before version 2.4, the only Elite Treasure Hoarder faced is Raptor. Carmen and Wallenstein has yet to be given mention or appear, while "Boss" and Liuliu are only mentioned in their respective journal entries (and in the latter's case, both Tyler and the suspicious person utilize a different combat style from the real person himself).
* As seen above the gallery, there is an icon for Treasure Hoarder variants (excluding elites), but (bar the Potioneers) currently, only the basic variants are found in the game as enemies.
* In "[https://youtu.be/3f2-EANyrNM Character Demo - "Childe: A Letter to Snezhnaya"]," a ''Treasure Hoarders: Boss'' can be seen alongside a Scout and a Seaman.
** This variant was never seen anywhere in-game until the [[Fleeting Colors in Flight]] event during [[Version 2.4]].
** However, the ''Treasure Hoarders: Boss'' can be seen in [[CBT2]].
* {{Furnishing Mentions|are=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = Treasure Hoarders
|zhs       = 盗宝团
|zhs_rm    = Dàobǎotuán
|zht       = 盜寶團
|zht_rm    = Dàobǎotuán
|zh_tl     = Treasure-Stealing Group
|ja        = 宝盗団
|ja_rm     = Houtoudan
|ja_tl     = Treasure-Stealing Group
|ko        = {{tt|보물|寶物}} 사냥{{tt|단|團}}
|ko_tl     = Treasure-Hunting Group
|es        = Ladrones de Tesoros
|es_tl     = Treasure Robbers
|fr        = Pilleurs de trésors
|fr_tl     = Treasure Looters
|ru        = Похитители сокровищ
|ru_tl     = Treasure Abductors
|th        = กองโจรล่าสมบัติ
|th_rm     = Kong Chon La Sombat
|th_tl     = Treasure-Hunting Gang
|vi        = {{tt|Đạo Bảo Đoàn|盗宝团}}
|vi_tl     = Treasure-Stealing Group{{Sino|vi}}
|de        = Schatzräuber
|de_tl     = Treasure Robbers
|id        = Treasure Hoarder
|pt        = Ladrões de Tesouro
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Hazine Avcıları
|tr_tl     = Treasure Hunters
|it        = Cacciatori di tesori
|it_tl     = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}
[[Category:Treasure Hoarders| ]]

[[es:Ladrones de Tesoros]]
[[fr:Pilleurs de trésors]]
[[ja:宝盗団]]
[[pt-br:Ladrões de Tesouro]]
[[th:กองโจรล่าสมบัติ]]