{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Item Anemo Treasure Compass.png
|world        = Teyvat
|type         = Item Groups
|type2        = Gadgets
}}
'''Treasure Compasses''' are reusable [[gadget]]s that can be used to find nearby [[chests]] and are obtained through [[forging]]. There is currently one compass for each of the following [[region]]s: [[Mondstadt]], [[Liyue]], [[Inazuma]], [[Sumeru]], [[Fontaine]], and [[Natlan]]. Their [[diagrams]] are all obtainable from [[Reputation]] rewards in their respective nations: at reputation level 6 for Mondstadt and Liyue, at reputation level 9 for Inazuma, Sumeru, and Fontaine, and at max reputation level with [[Tribe Reputation#Gifts from the Speaker's Chamber|3 different tribes]] for Natlan.

<section begin="compass intro"/>Treasure compasses can be equipped through the [[Inventory]] and can be used after pressing the appropriate [[controls|control]]. After using a treasure compass, light that streams toward the nearest chest, [[Time Trial Challenge]], [[Seelie]], or [[Monetoo]] in the vicinity will briefly appear, and said chest will be marked on the [[Map]] with an icon {{Icon|Chest}}, or {{Icon|Flag}} for the others. Only one thing can be marked at a time. The gadget then goes on cooldown for 30 seconds if something was detected, or 5 seconds if not. This cooldown is shared among all treasure compasses, and if something was detected, will be reset upon opening the marked chest or approaching the challenge/Seelie/Monetoo. If the compass is unequipped, the mark on the Map will be removed.

Unlike [[Oculus Resonance Stone]]s, treasure chest compasses have unlimited uses.<section end="compass intro"/>

==Types==
{{Items by Category List|Treasure Compasses}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* Treasure Compass gadgets can only be used in their corresponding regions. However, they may find chests located in neighboring regions if they are used in their regions while the closest detectable chest is in another region.
** The [[Anemo Treasure Compass]] cannot be used in [[Dragonspine]].
** The [[Geo Treasure Compass]] can be used in the [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] map.
** The [[Electro Treasure Compass]] can be used in the [[Enkanomiya]] map.
** The [[Dendro Treasure Compass]] cannot be used in [[The Orchard of Pairidaeza]].
** The [[Hydro Treasure Compass]] can be used in the [[Sea of Bygone Eras]] map.
* The gadget range is not the entire range of the minimap; it is a sphere that has a fixed radius of detection. The radius of detection possibly changes depending on the rarity of the chest.
* This gadget cannot be used during combat, while [[gliding]] or [[climbing]], while jumping or falling, while being [[stagger]]ed, while using an alternate sprint (such as [[Mona]]'s [[Illusory Torrent]]), or in [[Domain]]s.
* This Gadget ''cannot'' track chests that spawn from:
** Hidden behind [[Rock Pile]]s
** Completing puzzles (such as lighting up [[Elemental Monument]]s and killing enemies that cause a chest to spawn afterwards), unless the chest has already been unlocked
** Popping [[Bloatty Floatty|Bloatty Floatties]]
** Digging out buried chests
* This Gadget ''can'' track chests that are:
** Wrapped in brambles
** Encased in stone
** Locked inside [[Shrines of Depths]]
** A [[Bake-Danuki]] in disguise
** Located in areas that cannot be accessed without further [[quest]] progress

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial
|image1 = Tutorial Treasure Compass 1.png
|text1  = A device that can detect nearby treasure. After using it, the location of nearby treasure chests will be indicated and marked out on the map.
|image2 = Tutorial Treasure Compass 2.png
|text2  = Aside from directly fighting treasure, the Treasure Compass can also find some places or clues that might lead to treasure...
}}

==Trivia==
* Treasure Compass needles spin according to the energy of [[Ley Line]]s rather than the world's magnetic field.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Anemo Treasure Compass|note = Description}}</ref>

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Gadget Navbox}}
[[Category:Treasure Compasses| ]]

[[fr:Détecteur de trésors]]
[[ja:トレジャーコンパス]]
[[ru:Компасы сокровищ]]
[[th:Treasure Compass]]