{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19078
|image         = Hangout Event Treasure and True Interest.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaveh
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Pendulum of Weal and Woe
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Kaveh; Traveler; Cyno; Adan; Aabid; Adil; Alkami; Uzayr; Waiz; Tanisha; Nabil; Fakhr; Shurayh
|startLocation = [[Port Ormos]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ardravi Valley
|subarea       = Port Ormos
|prev          = The Sixth Proposal
|next          = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Treasure and True Interest''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Pendulum of Weal and Woe}}.

==Steps==
# Go to Port Ormos and look for Alkami
# Wait until after 07:00 the following day
# Go to the training center
# Gather information on Alkami
# Wait for Kaveh's class to conclude
# Go with Kaveh to confront Alkami
# Collect information on tuition from the students
# Find out more information from the merchant
# Defeat the merchant's bodyguards {{Enemy List|Eremite Sword-Dancer*1;Eremite Ravenbeak Halberdier*1;Eremite Crossbow*1}}
# Capture the merchant
# Turn the loan shark in to the matra
# Wait until after 08:00 the following day
# Go to the training center
# Speak with the students standing around nearby
# Follow Kaveh to the destination

==Gameplay Notes==
* During Step 9, Kaveh will join the team as a trial character.

==Trial Character==
{{Transclude|A Whole New Style|Trial Character}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Kaveh mentioned a Kshahrewar senior of his who has somehow struck gold without taking any personal commissions. You resolve to ask him for some career tips.}}
===Educational Organization===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Alkami, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 alkami 01.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' (I need to find a new way to attract students...)

;(Talk to Alkami)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 01.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Ah, Kaveh, it's you! It's been a while &mdash; what have you been up to recently?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yeah, it's been a long time, Alkami. Things haven't changed much for me. I'm still taking private commissions for all kinds of projects.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 02.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' I heard that you were the genius behind the Palace of Alcazarzaray? I bet you're set for Mora after a project of that size?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Uhh... Well, it's hard to make a profit from every project, you know...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 03.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Hard to make a profit? Haha, you've gotta be joking! I've never met an architect who didn't make a profit from a project.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 04.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Unless... the client fled before they paid the commission fee in full? But that doesn't sound right, either... Doesn't Dori have a pretty decent reputation in our local business circles? I don't think she's ever been involved in any kind of big scandal...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, about that... I mean, it was complicated...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 05.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' I understand. Either way, doing one project after another sure gets exhausting over the years, eh? I've been there, so I can feel your pain.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 06.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' I mean, I obviously never had your reputation to live up to. That must've been stressful. But I'm sure we faced all the same problems: Trying to keep your client in a good mood while you're trying to stop them from micromanaging things they don't know the first thing about... Heh, I don't miss it. Thankfully, that's all behind me now.
:{{DIcon}} Did you start a new career?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 07.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Hmm... not exactly. My work is still closely related to architecture.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 08.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Judging from the look on your face, you're still strapped for Mora. That's quite unfortunate. You're the most artistically gifted graduate the Kshahrewar Darshan has seen in decades, but it looks like you still have a lot to learn in terms of making Mora.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 09.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' With that said, us Kshahrewar grads should still look out for each other. Hmm... what if I told you about an idea that'll absolve you of all your Mora troubles going forward?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Are you serious? But something like that has got to be some kind of top-level business secret. Are you sure you can just share something like that with me?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Besides, I don't want to just take something like that without offering anything in return. I still have a little Mora... Or is there something that I can help you with?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 10.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Haha, you're too kind. This is just a simple tip. Even if I didn't bring it up, I'm sure you'd hear it from the others sooner or later. The idea is this: I recently opened up a training center with the goal of educating people in architecture design.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 11.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Compared to the classes taught by those old fossils at the Akademiya, my classes are more condensed and streamlined, and will allow people to quickly get their foot in the door.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 12.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Unlike the Akademiya, I won't turn down anyone who's interested, rich or poor. As long as someone wishes to learn more about architecture, I'll accept them into my training center.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 13.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' It just so happens that I'm still looking for a few more instructors. So, what do you say? Interested in coming over to give a few lectures?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 14.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Regardless of the pay, I already can guarantee that it'll be far more comfortable than working on random people's private commissions.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, so you want me to join you as an instructor. Hmm, that does sound like something I'd be able to do. Sounds like a pretty stable job, too...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What do you think, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} At least you won't have to deal with clients anymore.
:{{DIcon}} I think you can give it a go.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 15.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Then, it's a deal?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yes, it's a deal. Thank you, Alkami.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 16.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Haha, like I said, there's no need to thank me for this. The lecture room is not far from here, so you can just come straight here tomorrow morning.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 17.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' As for the pay... How about we start at three hundred thousand Mora per lecture?
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Three hundred thousand!? Are you serious? How could you offer so much?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 18.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Haha, it would seem that you're still oblivious to your own economic worth. Three hundred thousand is nothing compared to the prestige of having the Light of Kshahrewar as one of my instructors.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 19.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Three hundred thousand is also just the base rate. Just trust me on this, the longer you stick with me, the more you'll come to understand your true value in the market.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 alkami 20.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' I have to go make some preparations now... See you tomorrow.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I was never particularly close with Alkami when we were in school. Who would have thought that he'd be so nice and friendly?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've hosted free lectures before, but this would be my first time being hired to lecture for a formal business. Three hundred thousand Mora per lecture... Whew, I'm so excited that I'm starting to get nervous.
:{{DIcon}} I'll join you for the lecture.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Thanks so much. *sigh* I think I will be able to relax a bit more with a friend in the audience.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Now, what should I talk about tomorrow? Some lessons I've learned over the past few years? Hmm, I should probably save those for later... for my first lecture, I should start by getting them more interested in the field...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907801 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, let's meet here again tomorrow morning. I should hurry home and create some kind of lesson plan. If I'm going to become an instructor, I should make sure I show up prepared.
----
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Alkami, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 alkami 02.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' (Now that the word is out, I'm sure more students will sign up for classes.)

;(Approach Alkami)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 01.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Oh, I didn't expect you two to get here so early.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I was up last night preparing for the lecture, but I ended up getting so excited that I couldn't fall asleep. Here, I've prepared a lesson plan &mdash; do you want to take a look?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 02.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Lesson plan? Ah... I must commend you for your dedication.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 03.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' But the training center has already developed its own set of teaching materials. Instead of using your own plan, you can just use what we have here. Of course, you're always welcome to work in some of your own content to add more fun and flavor.
:{{DIcon}} Can I take a look at your materials?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 04.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Sure, be my guest.
:'''Read Teaching Materials:''' (The materials cover a variety of architectural knowledge. At first glance, nothing appears to be amiss.)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 05.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' It's almost time for the lecture to start. Feel free to head in and start the class whenever you're ready.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh, so you've already developed your own set of teaching materials... Seems like I won't need the stuff I've prepared after all. Anyway, shouldn't be a problem, I'll just go ahead and use your materials.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' There's something else I want to ask, though... This isn't going to be a large class, is it?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 06.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Ah, no need to stress. There are only twenty people in this class.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 07.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' There are fourteen classes at my training center. Out of all of them, the first class has the best grades, so I've directed them to you. We'll see how well they will take to your lectures.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Twenty people, huh... Alright, I think I can handle that.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 08.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Oh, and one last thing: in the interest of keeping a quiet learning space, only instructors and students are allowed in the classroom when class is in session.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 alkami 09.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' I'm sorry to say this, but your friend will have to wait outside while you teach the class.
:{{DIcon}} It's okay, I was thinking about taking a walk anyway.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907803 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, sorry about that. I'll meet you at the door when the class is over then.
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (Is Alkami really as nice as he seems? I should probably ask around a bit.)
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Adan, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 adan 01.ogg}} '''Adan:''' (You know what they say &mdash; knowledge's the key to changing someone's fate.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Aabid, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 aabid 01.ogg}} '''Aabid:''' (If only I had seen the business opportunity like he did...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Adil, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 adil 01.ogg}} '''Adil:''' (I bet he's livin' the dream...)

;(Talk to Adan)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907804 adan 01.ogg}} '''Adan:''' Hey there. Can I help you?
:{{DIcon}} Do you know a man by the name of Alkami?
:{{DIcon}} I'm wondering if you know anything about Alkami.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907804 adan 02.ogg}} '''Adan:''' Oh, Alkami? You mean that rich guy who's been making quite the name for himself? Yeah, he commissioned a set of furniture from me a while back. Paid a great deal of Mora for it, too.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907804 adan 03.ogg}} '''Adan:''' I heard he earned a fortune working as a renowned architect. Now he's opened a training center so others can follow in his footsteps.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907804 adan 04.ogg}} '''Adan:''' If the tuition wasn't sky-high, I'd enroll my child in a heartbeat. Architecture really sounds like a lucrative profession...

;(Talk to Aabid or Adil)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907808 aabid 01.ogg}} '''Aabid:''' Did you hear? Alkami recruited Kaveh to be an instructor!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907808 adil 01.ogg}} '''Adil:''' Heh, I bet that'll boost his enrollment numbers!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907808 aabid 02.ogg}} '''Aabid:''' Really makes you jealous, eh? If you think about it, Alkami was never that talented himself as an architect. If we're just talking about professional skill, no one would pay for a class with him.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907808 adil 02.ogg}} '''Adil:''' That's true, but you've got to admit, his advertisements are really effective... After all, the Akademiya only admits those that can pass its entrance exam, so only a few people could hope to study architecture in the halls of the Kshahrewar.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907808 adil 03.ogg}} '''Adil:''' For those who can't pass the exam, or who just want to jump straight into the industry, the training center is the best bang for the Mora.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907808 aabid 03.ogg}} '''Aabid:''' Man, to have that kind of business acumen...
:{{Black Screen|Before long, Kaveh's class is over...}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, everyone, there's no need to be nervous.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Class is over, so we can just chat for a bit. I shouldn't have lost my temper during the lecture &mdash; did I scare anybody?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 uzayr 01.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' No, you weren't scary at all, Mr. Kaveh... W&mdash;We were just a bit lost and didn't get what you were talking about...
:{{DIcon}} Did something happen, Kaveh?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ugh, don't get me started. I was trying to use Alkami's materials, so I flipped through some pages and gave them a closer look... The more I read, the more upset I became.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alkami may fool an amateur, but he can't fool anyone who's active in our profession. The materials he made are completely useless for teaching real architecture!
:{{DIcon}} Why do you say that?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' In my opinion, the most important skill of an architect is their ability to craft a design. In other words, they must be able to conceptualize ideas.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' There are tens of thousands of buildings in the world, as well as a countless number of architectural styles. Some designs emphasize aesthetics, while others prioritize practicality.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The architects who can critically evaluate the quality and fit of different designs are those who can come up with great designs of their own. But you won't get any of that from the teaching materials they're using here.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' All these students are doing in class is rote memorization of existing designs. They are learning nothing about the underlying principles.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' How can they expect to become real architects? When they're done with this class, all they'll become are dilettantes with a pitiful smattering of architectural knowledge.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 waiz 01.ogg}} '''Waiz:''' B&mdash;But Mr. Kaveh, we didn't really understand anything you said after you threw away the materials, either...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 waiz 02.ogg}} '''Waiz:''' What's the big deal anyway? It's not like we're looking to make some works of art... we just want to make some Mora.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You're studying architecture to make Mora?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 tanisha 01.ogg}} '''Tanisha:''' Yeah! Why else would we be studying here?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 tanisha 02.ogg}} '''Tanisha:''' My biggest dream is to become someone like Mr. Alkami. Once I finally make my fortune in architecture, I'll be able to buy anything I like!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...In that case, I'm afraid you'll probably be disappointed. The reality is that the work of an architect is very difficult, and the pay is not lucrative at all. Believe me, I'm a perfect example.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 waiz 03.ogg}} '''Waiz:''' But how? Mr. Alkami just told us last night that you made a killing by building the Palace of Alcazarzaray!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 waiz 04.ogg}} '''Waiz:''' He also said that as long as we graduate from his class, waves upon waves of people will reach out to us with private commissions, and we can just sit back and wait for Mora to fill up our pockets.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 waiz 05.ogg}} '''Waiz:''' It won't be long before I can put these miserable days behind me...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Come on... and you all believed everything he said?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 uzayr 02.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' But Mr. Alkami is really rich, isn't he?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You... Hmph, it's pointless trying to argue this with you right now. You've already filled your heads with pipe dreams.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907805 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Let's go, {{Traveler}}. Let's hear about Alkami's true plans from the man himself!
----
{{Quest Description|update|According to Kaveh, Alkami's training is woefully inadequate for the purposes of helping the students become qualified architects. The next step is to go with Kaveh and confront Alkami face-to-face.}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Uzayr, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 uzayr 01.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' (That palace Mr. Kaveh drew in class earlier was really amazing...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tanisha, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 tanisha 01.ogg}} '''Tanisha:''' (I'll try going over the stuff Mr. Kaveh taught us once I get back home. I mean, it can't hurt.)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Waiz, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 waiz 01.ogg}} '''Waiz:''' (When can we finally graduate... I just wanna get outta this place and start making some Mora...)

;(Talk to Uzayr, Tanisha, or Waiz, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 uzayr 01.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' Mr. Kaveh looked really angry...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 waiz 01.ogg}} '''Waiz:''' Who cares about him? Maybe he's just worried that we'll take all of his commissions once we finally graduate!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 tanisha 01.ogg}} '''Tanisha:''' B&mdash;But that can't be it, right? Mr. Kaveh is super famous...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 waiz 02.ogg}} '''Waiz:''' Who knows? My dad told me that the more famous someone is, the more arrogant and stubborn they become. Approachable people like Mr. Alkami are the rare ones!

;(Talk to Alkami)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 01.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' What's wrong, Kaveh? You look quite flustered. Did one of my students offend you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 02.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Were the students not astute enough for your liking? I must implore you to go a bit easier on them. After all, they're nothing like the genius scholars you're used to dealing with at the Akademiya. We don't need to strive for perfect understanding... as long as some knowledge has been passed on, that's good enough.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yeah, I'm mad at them, but I'm even more upset that you're scamming people under the guise of teaching them about architecture!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The students are all here hoping for a quick way to make money, but we both know that an architect's life is hard and exhausting. Just a little while ago, I was toiling over the sixth draft of a design for a client.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If your client is unhappy, you can't break ground, and the longer a project goes, the longer it takes for you to get paid in full. What's worse, if your client disappears in the middle of a project, good luck getting anything from them ever again!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You know all of this just as well as I do. Why lie to them?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 03.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' *sigh*... Look, Kaveh, you may be the Light of Kshahrewar, but like I said, you still have a lot to learn about making Mora.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 04.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' You may deny it all you want, but it's a fact that in today's Sumeru, architecture is a terrible profession.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 05.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Our clients care very little for the effort we pour into our designs. Instead of appreciating us, they spend all their time nitpicking details and demanding changes, often forcing all kinds of ridiculous ideas onto us.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...I suppose that's more or less true. Go on.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 06.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Why should we cling onto a profession that's difficult and unrewarding? If the field is dying, then a person who still wants to make a good living will just have to change their strategy.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 07.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' If it's near-impossible to make money as an architect, then why not just establish a training center, and train other people to become architects in our stead?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Wait, how does that make any sense? Aren't you just leading them into the same trap?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 08.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' We are already stuck, my friend. The more people we can lead into this pit and stack as padding beneath our feet, the more comfortable our lives will be.
:{{DIcon}} So... instead of making money from architecture, you made your money from your students?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 09.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' That's right. Making money as an architect is a slow and agonizing process. In comparison, earning tuition from a training center is far easier.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 10.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' None of the students will ever know, however. In their eyes, all of my income was earned during my years as an architect. It's easy for them to fall for my promise. After all, everyone wants to live the dream of being the person who can spend millions without batting an eye.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 11.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' The more students I get, the more money I earn, and the more real that dream becomes.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' And then what? Once they graduate, they'll still find out the truth about architecture, and struggle to stay afloat amid all the problems we already talked about.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' When that happens, your facade will pop like a soap bubble. No one will believe you anymore!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 12.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Ah, but that's just one way to look at the problem. No two people have the same amount of talent. Even if they fail to strike gold in the future, you can't say that it's my fault and mine alone.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 13.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Oh, and also, I never actually promised that they would achieve financial freedom as long as they become architects. All I did was nudge them towards that belief.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 14.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' I'm not even scared if they do come back and stir up trouble. My training center has all the required permits and certifications. Even the Dendro Archon herself couldn't find fault in any part of my business.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You... How can you sleep at night knowing that you're doing all this? Tell me, is your heart carved out of brick and stone?
;(-2 Hearts)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I can't believe that I once saw you as a decent human being. I... I am beyond disappointed in you!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 15.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' And the same goes to you. How many years has it been since you graduated from the Akademiya? If you still can't accept something like this... do you just plan on keeping that worthless naivete of yours until the end of time?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 16.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Only fools will see art as revered and sacred. In the end, art is just another business. Being successful at running a business is an art form in itself.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 17.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' I urge you to think about what I've said. Offloading your pain onto others is the only way a person can live comfortably in this world.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 18.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' As the light of the Kshahrewar, you've accumulated plenty of fame and respect. It's high time that you use those resources to improve the circumstances of your own life.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 alkami 19.ogg}} '''Alkami:''' Think it over, Kaveh. I still believe our collaboration could be very fruitful.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} He's gone.
:{{DIcon}} What do you plan to do next?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...I'm so mad, I feel a headache coming on. There's nothing more I can say to him. I'll resign from my position as instructor.
:{{DIcon}} You'll give up the Mora?
;(-1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Of course. I'm sure you've realized that as long as I remained at this center, he would be able to use my name to advertise this place. Even if I just sit back and do nothing, others will be deceived and suffer because of me.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' He is right about one thing, though... these kinds of training centers are everywhere, and even if the Akademiya was to find out about it, it's unlikely that they would take any real action against it.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The most that they could accuse him of is false advertising... And even that would be hard to prove.
:{{DIcon}} There's something strange about all of this.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh? Did you notice something else?
:{{DIcon}} Some of the students didn't appear to be very wealthy.
:{{DIcon}} Not everyone should be able to pay such exorbitant tuition fees.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Yeah, you've got a point.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The rate he gave me was three hundred thousand Mora per lecture. That probably came out of the students' tuition... and who knows just how much he's been charging the students for attending his classes.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If you're gambling everything on making it rich as an architect, are you really going to have the Mora to pay for that kind of tuition?
:{{DIcon}} We can try asking the students.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 20.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Right. We should hurry, the students didn't believe a word I was telling them... They're still daydreaming about making millions.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907806 kaveh 21.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' We're never going to get any information from them again if we let Alkami talk to them first. Let's move now, before he's had the chance to react!
----
{{Quest Description|update|Alkami revealed his true thoughts, and claimed that though he does not teach any architecture fundamentals, his institution is still a legal one that Kaveh will not be able to challenge on legal grounds. But is there more to the story?}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Uzayr, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 uzayr 02.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' (What do I need to do to build a really cool palace?)

;(Talk to Uzayr)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 01.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' Oh, Mr. Kaveh? What are you doing back here?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Class finished a while ago, but you're still here... Why haven't you gone home?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 02.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' I wanted to stay for a little longer. I'm still thinking about everything you taught during the class... Even though a lot of it went right over my head, I still thought the houses you drew were really pretty.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Of course they were! All the examples I drew were world-famous landmarks. Each one was the magnum opus of a celebrated architect.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's a good thing that you could recognize them for their beauty. The accumulation of knowledge is the first step to artistic expression. Instead of rote memorization, you should try to relate and to understand, and after that, try to resonate with the work.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 03.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' Resonate?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yes. When I first got into architecture, there were many things about it that I couldn't understand at all. I would find a building to be beautiful, but have no idea what made it so good.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' And for most people, just being able to admire a building is enough. To become a good architect, however, you must also learn to assess and appraise.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Going from admiration to assessment will take a lot of time and specialized knowledge. And I'm afraid that some superficial speed training won't be enough to take you there.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 04.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' Just as I thought... Becoming an architect won't be as easy as Mr. Alkami made it out to be, right?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'm sorry. I'm not trying to crush your dreams &mdash; all I want to tell you is that an architect's life is not as carefree and easy as others may make it out to be.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 05.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' I understand. Thank you for telling me the truth, Mr. Kaveh. I think I'll still stay here for the time being, though, since my family still hasn't paid everything off.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmm? Paid off what?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 06.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' ...Sorry, I can't say anything more. Mr. Alkami made it very clear that anyone who talks about it will be kicked out of the class...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Don't listen to him. I am the most famous architect in Sumeru. If he kicks you out, then I'll just take you in instead.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 07.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' Really?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Why would I pull your leg? I can see you have some talent, so as long as you get your fundamentals down, you should be able to pass the entrance exam, and continue your studies at the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 08.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' Th&mdash;Then, please keep this a secret for me, Mr. Kaveh. Truth be told, my family's not very well-off, so we couldn't really afford the tuition for this class.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 09.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' Mr. Alkami was the one who reached out to my parents. He told them that he knew a merchant by the name of Fakhr, and that we could get a loan from him.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 10.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' He told all the students that once we graduate, people would come flocking to commission us for projects. If everything went well, we'd be able to pay off everything in just a few years, and all the Mora we make after that would be ours.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...How much did your family borrow from this merchant?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 11.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' I think it was several million Mora...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' And what was the interest rate?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 12.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' I... I'm not really sure. My parents were the ones who signed the contract. All I know is that the stack of papers was as thick as a slab of rock...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Something doesn't feel right about all of this.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yeah, I have a bad feeling, too. Something about the whole thing feels dastardly familiar.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' We need to find that merchant to confirm. But if we were to confront him right now, there's no way he'd admit to anything...
:{{DIcon}} We can pretend to be potential customers.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Good idea. Hey, tell me, do you know where we'd be able to find this merchant?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 uzayr 13.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' We last saw him on the north shore of Port Ormos. Who knows if he's still in that area, though...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, it'd still be worth taking a look. Architecture... no, the arts shouldn't be used as bait for a scam.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907807 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' We need to do something before the students' lives are ruined even further.

===Arrested Development===
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Fakhr, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 fakhr 01.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' (Let's see who we can reel in today...)

;(Talk to Fakhr)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 01.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Oh? I don't think I've ever seen you guys before. Here for business?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You're Fakhr, right?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 02.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Yes, may I ask who introduced you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alkami. My friend here wants to enroll in his architecture class, but they're a bit short on money. Alkami told us that you're the man to go to in this kind of situation.
:{{DIcon}} That's right.
:{{DIcon}} I'm really interested in architecture.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 03.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Oh, sounds like his business is booming. How much do you need?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Let me see... I'd say around three million Mora.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 04.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Oof... You call that "a bit short on money"? Anyway, since you're here because of Alkami, I can work things out for you. Make sure you sign the contract, though. Lots of people are borrowing money from me nowadays.
:{{DIcon}} What contract?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 05.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Ah, here you go. Don't worry, there's nothing particularly unusual about it. All you need to do is to pay back the loan in full within three years.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' And what if they won't be able to pay it back?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 06.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' What do you mean, won't be able to pay it back? Once you graduate from Alkami's place, you'll be making millions of Mora a year, easy. At that point, paying this off will be a piece of cake.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 07.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' And even if you were to run into some difficulties and need to delay the installments, it's no big deal. We are all reasonable people here &mdash; if you can't pay quickly, you can just pay it back over a longer period. All that would change is your interest rates would get a little higher.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 08.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' It's hard work running a business. If we're taking risks to supply you with Mora, it's only fair that you take on a bit of the financial risk as well.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 09.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Anyway, there's no point in tying yourself in knots over the contract. With the way you're reading every single line, it's like you're worried you're about to get scammed outta your whole life's savings. Why would I lie to you? Tons of students at Alkami's place have signed the contract. Aren't they all doing pretty well for themselves?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I just did some calculations in my head. When you say the interest will get a little higher... do you mean it'll get higher than thirty percent?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Of course, the contract did a great job of trying to obfuscate that fact. It only listed the amount that you'll have to repay every day, which gives the false impression that the amount hasn't actually increased by all that much.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If you actually do the math, however, it's clear that the amount you need to pay on interest alone will amount to hundreds of thousands of Mora per year. Most people can't even make that much Mora in a year... Your greed really knows no bounds.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Even my creditor doesn't dare to raise rates that high. Once a family's signed on to a scheme like this, there's no getting out.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 10.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' What are you trying to say, huh?
:{{DIcon}} We mean to put you in jail for your crimes.
:{{DIcon}} The matra will happily answer that question.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 11.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Hmph, I figured something was off when two well-dressed people came looking for a loan. Think you got the better of me?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 fakhr 12.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Too many people are sticking their noses where they don't belong these days. Luckily for me, though, this is a pretty secluded spot. Hey, come out and teach these guys a lesson!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ah, Eremites? Hmph, I've already fought off more than my fair share of them when I was working in the desert.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907809 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' There are only a few of them, so they shouldn't pose much of a threat. Mehrak, you're up!

;(After defeating the enemies)
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 fakhr 01.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Hmph... Who are you, and what do you want?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 fakhr 02.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' I don't think we've done anything to hurt or offend you, so why go this far to destroy my livelihood?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Debt has the power to upend your whole life. I know very well just how miserable living in debt can be.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But my debts are the culmination of many different factors, and my interest rate is still somewhat reasonable. As long as I continue to work with my situation in mind, my debts will eventually be paid off.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' But these students are different. They have neither the mental preparation nor the financial resources to pay back a debt like this.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You sold the dreams of becoming an architect to the students as bait, urging them to take on insurmountable amounts of debt to satisfy your greed.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 fakhr 03.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' Hah, everyone knows there's no such thing as a free lunch. It's their own fault for falling into the trap.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 fakhr 04.ogg}} '''Fakhr:''' And if we're going to talk about greed, aren't those students the ones who are blinded by it? They completely ignore the risk that's right there in front of them.
:{{DIcon}} That's no excuse for your actions.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hah, and here comes the silver tongue. Surely you used that to reel in the students as well. Even now, many of them are still hopelessly dreaming of striking gold after they graduate.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...People grow by learning from their mistakes. I hope this will be a valuable lesson to them.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907811 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Let's head back to the Akademiya and turn this guy over to the matra. They should be able to link him with Alkami's business.
:{{Black Screen|You bring Fakhr to the Akademiya...}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Cyno? Didn't think I would run into you here.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 01.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' My vacation just ended not too long ago, so I'm going over some cases at the Akademiya. Who's this?
:{{Black Screen|You describe everything that's happened to Cyno...}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 02.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I see. Charging an interest rate over thirty percent indeed constitutes a crime.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 03.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' As it is highly likely that Alkami's also benefiting from this scheme, the matra will open an investigation on him as well. The training center will be closed until further notice.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 04.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Any funds we manage to recover from the suspects will be returned to the students. It's unclear how much we'll be able to get back, however, given their extravagant spending.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' That should still be enough. Once the students realize the error of their ways, they won't fall so easily for such traps in the future.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Anyway, thank you for your help. I hope this won't be too much trouble for you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 05.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' It's no trouble &mdash; just another day at work. How did you two get tangled up in this anyway?
:{{DIcon}} Alkami tried to hire Kaveh as one of his instructors.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 06.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Did you accept any Mora from him?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' He promised to pay me three hundred thousand Mora per lecture, but I resigned as soon as I finished the first session. I didn't take a single coin.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 07.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Ah, that's good.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmm? What do you mean, "that's good"? Would you have taken me into custody as well if I had actually accepted any Mora?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 08.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I wouldn't have gone that far, but had he insisted that you were also an active participant in his schemes, under our rules, we would have been required to open an investigation on you as well.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 09.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Either way, though, I believe you are innocent in all of this. Had you actually been alright with making money through less than noble means, your life wouldn't be the mess it currently is.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hey, what was that? What do you mean my life is a mess?
:;(Cyno awkwardly coughs.)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 10.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Never mind, your life is fine.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...You're just messing with me now, aren't you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 11.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Let's get back to business. If Alkami's case can be successfully resolved, you'll be eligible for a monetary reward from the Akademiya. Don't forget to pick it up after the fact.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Huh, I didn't even know there was such a thing. I never would've guessed. Ahem, what I'm trying to say is that we didn't report Alkami because we thought we could make some Mora off of it.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 12.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' The reward will be given regardless of your personal motivations. It was implemented with the intent of encouraging people to supply tips to the matra.
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Fine.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 13.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Is there anything else?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I want to go back to the training center one more time and talk to some of the kids.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 14.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' Sure, but you should wait until tomorrow. My subordinates will shut down the center today, and summon the students to gather information on the total amount of Mora they've lost in the scam.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, then I'll stay out of their way. I can talk to the kids tomorrow.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 cyno 15.ogg}} '''Cyno:''' I have a few other things to take care of, so I'll be off for now. If you want to follow up on this case, just come find me again, or ask one of the matra.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Phew... That should finally be the end of that. Ugh, who would have thought it would turn out like this? All I wanted was to find a new gig and earn some Mora.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' To think Alkami would sink this low... it still makes me really upset.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Still... I think I feel a little better now than when you found me back at the tavern.
:{{DIcon}} Oh? How so?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's a little ironic, but you could say it's because I've realized that there are many circumstances in the world that are even worse than my own. Now that I've seen such things firsthand, I suppose I've earned a new sense of appreciation for my life.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' How should I put it?&nbsp;...I'm pretty stubborn when it comes to my profession, so I often argue with my clients.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The arguments are usually extremely frustrating, and every once in a while, I'd wonder if I only became an architect because fate wanted me to pay for some sins I'd committed in a previous life.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alkami's suggestion would have allowed me to quit my life as an architect and earn money solely from my reputation. But now that I've experienced that for myself... I can confidently say that I'd never want to do it again.
:{{DIcon}} And that's why he thinks you're too rigid when it comes to making Mora.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Every scholar has their own sense of pride and a line that they don't like to cross. Of course, when faced with the vicissitudes of life, some will surrender these things to seek a more comfortable life. I can understand that.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 20.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Just speaking for myself though, I don't think that's something I'd ever be able to do. The voice in my heart would just keep repeating one thing: the moment I turn away from my dreams would be the moment my career ends.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 21.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If I stop devoting everything to my creative activities, I'd be able to lead a more comfortable life, but at the same time, my sense of intuition and understanding for the arts would also begin to degrade.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 22.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' At that point, any materialistic ease I may have gained in life would just become another form of torment. In comparison, my current life comes with its share of difficulties, but at least I'd never have to deal with that kind of existential reckoning.
:{{DIcon}} I can understand that.
:{{DIcon}} It's good to stay true to yourself.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 23.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Haha, I appreciate it. You may call me conceited for this, but I would also like to think I'm talented enough to be able to lead a decent life without compromising my pride.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 24.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' It's certainly not easy, but... I want to keep at it.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 25.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' My thanks again for being such a great help throughout all of this. I'm planning to pay another visit to those kids tomorrow &mdash; want to come with me?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'll come.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907813 kaveh 26.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, I'll see you tomorrow then. Get some good rest.

===The Best Building===
{{Quest Description|update|The wicked loan shark has been captured, and Alkami has been taken away by the matra. But what will come of the poor students who have been scammed?}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Nabil, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 nabil 01.ogg}} '''Nabil:''' (What kind of disgusting person would make money by scamming children?)

;(Talk to Nabil at the training center, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907814 nabil 01.ogg}} '''Nabil:''' Hello. This institution has been shut down by order of the matra. We are currently conducting an investigation of all related personnel.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907814 nabil 02.ogg}} '''Nabil:''' Please come back tomorrow if you have any business here.

;(Read the Noticeboard, optional)
:'''Noticeboard:''' A matra investigation has indicated that Alkami, the owner of this training center, coerced the families of his students to take on usurious loans with the intent of making huge profits.
:'''Noticeboard:''' This training center is now closed. All recovered funds will be returned to the victims after confirmation with the relevant individuals.

;Wait until after 08{{Colon}}00 the following day

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Uzayr, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 uzayr 03.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' (Mr. Kaveh promised that he'd teach us. He'll keep his promise, right?)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tanisha, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 tanisha 02.ogg}} '''Tanisha:''' (What should I do...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Shurayh, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19078 shurayh 01.ogg}} '''Shurayh:''' (After all those classes I took at the training center... What should I do now?)

;(Approach Uzayr, Tanisha and Shurayh)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 tanisha 01.ogg}} '''Tanisha:''' I never would have guessed Mr. Alkami was a scammer...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 shurayh 01.ogg}} '''Shurayh:''' The training center has been shut down, and the matra have promised to return some of our tuition. But we've already spent so much time on this class... what should we do next?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 uzayr 01.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' Mr. Kaveh said we can keep working on our fundamentals, and try to get into the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 tanisha 02.ogg}} '''Tanisha:''' Hah, easier said than done... if it was easier to get into the Akademiya, none of us would have signed up for this class in the first place.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 tanisha 03.ogg}} '''Tanisha:''' Only the best of the best can get into the Akademiya studying on their own.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 uzayr 02.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' ...Mr. Kaveh might be willing to teach us.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 shurayh 02.ogg}} '''Shurayh:''' Why? What reason does he have to stick around?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ahem. So, you're the only ones that showed up today, huh?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 shurayh 03.ogg}} '''Shurayh:''' Huh? Kaveh's here!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Now, that's "Mr. Kaveh" to you. I am here as your instructor, so let's keep things a little more proper.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'll keep instructing you for a while longer. You can pass on the message to the other students. As long as someone wants to come, they can join the class.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh also, I'm usually pretty busy, so I'll only be able to teach architecture fundamentals on my days off. Another disclaimer, I can't promise that you'll all be able to understand everything I'm going to teach.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Architecture is not an easy profession. Aesthetics aside, even the basics of safe design can already be a handful for most people.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' If you want to design safe buildings, you'll have to go through a systematic study of structural engineering.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' And just as a heads up, all of this will be a huge step up from the superficial stuff you were learning before. It'll take both talent and perseverance to get through the course. I don't want to hear anyone say that I didn't warn you.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 uzayr 03.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' We'll try our best.
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hah, it seems some of you are really serious about this after all.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright everyone, pack your stuff up. No need to prepare much for today's class &mdash; we're going to go on a quick field trip.
:{{DIcon}} Where to?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907816 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You'll know once we get there. Come on, let's get going. We'll be off once everyone's grabbed their pencils and sketch pads.

;(Approach the shore opposite [[Pharos Lighthouse]])
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' This lighthouse has been around for a long time, and I handled its renovations when I first graduated from the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' The point of today is not so much about the lighthouse as a building, however.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I just want you to take a look at it and do a bit of self-reflection. If you were tasked today with designing a building, how would you want it to look like?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Don't think about how you'd actually go about building it for now. Just put your ideas to paper, and draw the prettiest building that comes to your mind.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 uzayr 01.ogg}} '''Uzayr:''' So it can be... any kind of building?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yep, as long as you think it'd look good. It doesn't even necessarily have to be a building. If you want, you can draw trees, the ocean, or even a garden area. Draw whatever you'd like.
:{{DIcon}} What's the point of this exercise?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' In my experience, it's best to approach the study of architecture from a point of personal interest, rather than for the sake of a career.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Both the study and practice of architectural design are extremely difficult. A person who's forced to work on projects that they don't resonate with will only struggle and suffer.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' So at least for today... I hope the students will be able to create something that they enjoy. There's no need to think about it too hard &mdash; they'll have plenty of time in the future to revisit the design and make changes.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907817 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What do you think? Want to try your hand at it as well? Don't forget that this is a free class from Mr. Kaveh, the light of the Kshahrewar. On a normal day, this would cost you three hundred thousand Mora...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: First Class===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = First Class
|character       = Kaveh
|act             = 1
|description     = Your ideal building is also your safe haven.
}}

==Trivia==
* In this route, a minor contradiction to Kaveh's established information occurs, as Kaveh states that he has previously hosted free lectures but has never been recruited by a formal business. [[Sasani]] previously stated that Kaveh had taught an architectural elective at the [[Sumeru Akademiya]] before she enrolled, and [[Alhaitham]] mentions that he was paid with Akademiya stipends. Furthermore, [https://twitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1677890577621286912 the caption of Kavehs 2023 birthday art], which mentions him being a returning visiting professor at the Akademiya, confirms that he had previously lectured there.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Treasure and True Interest
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Cibo y Bnxn
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Cibo y Bnxn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Zaihou to Honshin
|ja_tl   = Treasure and True Intention
|ko      =  
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El precio de la vocacin
|es_tl   = The Price of the Vocation
|fr      = Trsor et intrt vritable
|fr_tl   = Treasure and True Interest
|ru      =   
|ru_tl   = Values and Interests
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ti Ph V Lng Tm
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Reichtum und Gewissen
|de_tl   = Wealth and Conscience
|id      = Harta dan Hati Nurani
|id_tl   = Treasure and Conscience
|pt      = Tesouro e Interesse Real
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = lgi Uyandran Hazine
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Tesori e vero interesse
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[es:El precio de la vocacin]]