{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tri-Lakshana Creature.png
|caption      = The white fluff present in the Normal and Activated states of most Tri-Lakshana Creatures.
|type         = Exploration
|type2        = Species
|region       = Sumeru
}}
'''Tri-Lakshana Creatures''' are an exploration and combat mechanic in [[Sumeru]].

==Overview==
Tri-Lakshana Creatures have three states depending on the [[element]] applied to it &mdash; Scorched, Normal, and Activated.

Tri-Lakshana Creatures in the Normal state will enter the Scorched state when they come into contact with {{Color|Pyro}}, which usually causes them to be unable to carry out their normal functions in some way. Scorched Tri-Lakshana Creatures can be brought back to the Normal state with {{Color|Dendro}}.

Tri-Lakshana Creatures will change from the Normal state to the Activated state when they come into contact with {{Color|Electro}}, which usually enhances their normal functions in some way; for example, the player will bounce higher when jumping on an Activated [[Bouncy Mushroom]]. When activated using Electro, a Tri-Lakshana Creature will release a Truesense Pulse which may display the location of certain hidden things.

In [[Withering Zones]] Tri-Lakshana creatures will remain in their scorched state until the zone is cleared.

==Types==
There are different types of Tri-Lakshana Creatures. They include:
* [[Bouncy Mushroom]]s
* [[Dream Flower]]s
* [[Fungi]]
* [[Poisonous Mushroom]]s
* [[Rocklifting Branch]]es
* [[Seed Mirror]]s
* [[Starshroom]]s
* [[Tri-Yana Seed]]s

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Activation and scorching...; The seen and unseen...; Bouncy Mushrooms...}}

==Trivia==
* Piles of white fluff that can blink can be found next to Tri-Lakshana Creatures while they are in their normal or activated states. Putting the creatures in their scorched state will temporarily remove them.
** [[Starshroom]]s in [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]] and some variants of [[Bouncy Mushroom]]s do not have white fluff next to them, and cannot become activated or scorched.
** [[Seed Mirror]]s possess the white fluff in all states, including the scorched state.

===Etymology===
* {{Lang|Tri-Lakshana|sa=त्रिलक्षण|sa_rm=trilakṣaṇa}} is a Buddhist concept also known as the "{{w|three marks of existence}}." The word is a compound of {{Lang|''tri''|sa=त्रि|sa_rm=tri|sa_tl=three}} and {{lang|''{{w|lakshana}}''|sa=लक्षण|sa_rm=lakṣaṇa|sa_tl=symptom, feature, attribute}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tri-Lakshana Creature
|zhs     = 三相众物
|zhs_rm  = Sānxiàng Zhòngwù
|zht     = 三相眾物
|zht_rm  = Sānxiàng Zhòngwù
|zh_tl   = {{w|Three marks of existence|Tri-Lakshana}} Organism
|ja      = トライステート生物
|ja_rm   = Torai-Suteeto Seibutsu
|ja_tl   = Tristate Organism
|ko      = {{tt|삼상|三相}} {{tt|생물|生物}}
|ko_tl   = Tri-Lakshana Organism
|es      = Criatura triforme
|es_tl   = Three-Form Creature
|fr      = Créature trilaksana
|fr_tl   = Trilaksana Creature
|ru      = Создание трилакшана
|ru_tl   = Tri-Lakshana Creature
|th      = สิ่งมีชีวิตสามสถานะ
|th_rm   = Sing Meecheewit Saam Satana
|th_tl   = Tristate Organism
|vi      = Vật Ba Hình Thể
|vi_tl   = Three-Form Creature
|de      = Tri-Lakshana Kreatur
|de_tl   = Tri-Lakshana Creature
|id      = Tri-Lakshana Creature
|pt      = Criatura Tri-Lakshana
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Tri-Lakshana Yaratık
|tr_tl   = Tri-Lakshana Creature
|it      = Creatura Tri-Lakshana
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}-->
==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[Category:Tri-Lakshana Creatures| ]]

[[ja:トライステート生物]]
[[vi:Vật Ba Hình Thể]]