{{Hidden Exploration Objectives Infobox
|image      = Trial of the Nameless Stone Statue.png
|type       = Quest-Like
|req        = 
|region     = Fontaine
|area       = Nostoi Region
|subarea    = Petrichor
|loc        = [[Petrichor]], [[Nostoi Region]]
|characters = Traveler; Venier
|rewards    = {{Card|Guide to Equity|2}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}{{Card|Fowl|3}}
}}
'''Trial of the Nameless Stone Statue''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] that takes place in [[Petrichor]], [[Nostoi Region]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Venier]]
# Smash all the stone pillars in one go
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
*
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Venier:''' A hundred and thirty-six... Alright, fourteen more times, and we'll take a break!
:{{DIcon}} Do you need a hand?
:'''Venier:''' A hand? No, no need. What training requires the assistance of another?
:'''Venier:''' Only by honing my physique can I join Legion Athanatoi as one of its sublime soldiers, just like this officer here!
:'''Nameless Stone Statue:''' ...
:'''Venier:''' Ah yes, introductions are in order! This is my instructor. Only by clearing the tests he sets can I earn the right to ascend.
:{{DIcon}} Um, isn't this just a statue?
::'''Venier:''' What are you saying, citizen? Are not all Remurians this way?
:{{DIcon}} Tests? What tests?
::'''Venier:''' Combat tests, naturally. An ascendant, immortal form is one thing, but combat skills must be honed of one's own accord.
:'''Venier:''' In any case, would you like to have a go? The initial test involves the simultaneous smashing of these stone pillars.
:'''Venier:''' Don't underestimate them, however! Even with all my training, I can only shatter one with a single punch.
:{{DIcon}} I'll give it a try.
::'''Venier:''' Excellent! You have spirit! Come, let me witness your strength!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe next time.
::'''Venier:''' Of course. A test can only be taken after sufficient training, after all.

;(Talk to Venier again, optional)
:'''Venier:''' Don't underestimate them, however! Even with all my training, I can only shatter one with a single punch.

;(After destroying all the stone pillars in one go)
:'''Venier:''' Huh... So that's how you chose to handle it...
:'''Venier:''' Truly splendid. Have you previously served in our God King's armies, by any chance?
:'''Nameless Stone Statue:''' ...
:'''Venier:''' Our fine officer also praises your performance! It seems I must work harder!

;(Interact with the Nameless Stone Statue)
:'''Nameless Stone Statue:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Hey there, buddy! Nice weather we're having today...
::'''Nameless Stone Statue:''' ...
::{{DIcon}} Nothing to say to me, have you?
:::'''Nameless Stone Statue:''' ...
:::{{DIcon}} Perhaps we can spar a bit...
::::'''Nameless Stone Statue:''' ...
::::{{DIcon}} Show me the side you usually hide.
:::::'''Nameless Stone Statue:''' ...
:::::{{DIcon}} Alright, looks like this one really is just a statue.
::::{{DIcon}} Forget it, why am I competing with a statue...?
:::{{DIcon}} Let's not waste our time...
::{{DIcon}} Don't be silly. Statues don't talk.
:{{DIcon}} This should just be a statue.
:'''Nameless Stone Statue:''' ...
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = 
|caption1 = 
}}
-->

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Hidden Exploration Objective Navbox|Quest-Like}}