{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Trial of the Scorching Sands
|image             = Trial of the Scorching Sands.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-09-23 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-28 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/24047
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220923cyno/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Cyno
}}
{{Description|Thorough preparation is required before entering the desert, or else the blazing sun will burn away all weak-willed souls.
But at the same time, the sun's golden rays are capable of reaching into every corner and revealing the shadowy tracks of anyone up to no good.}}
'''Trial of the Scorching Sands''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.0]].

[https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220923cyno/index.html >> Click to Take Part in Event <<]

==Event Duration==
09/23/2022 12:00 – 09/28/2022 23:59 (UTC +8)

==Eligibility==
[[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Introduction==
During the event, choose items to bring into the desert and reasonably organize your backpack. Succeed in helping Cyno enter the desert to claim in-game items as rewards.

==Event Details==
# During the event, follow the instructions and choose the items you'll bring into the desert. Reasonably organize your backpack and succeed in helping Cyno enter the desert to claim in-game items as rewards.
# Click on an item to place it into your backpack. You have to bring the corresponding number of items as instructed.
# Click on an item to view its description and to remove anything unnecessary. However, some special items cannot be removed.
# When your backpack is full, share the event to expand its capacity. You can do this a maximum of 3 times.
#* Share Event
#* View New Version Content
#* Check and Follow Genshin Impact on Twitter

==Rewards==
Successfully enter the desert and arrest the scholar who has broken the Akademiya's rules to obtain Primogems, Character Ascension Materials, and other in-game items.
{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Vajrada Amethyst Fragment|3}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding account in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards are sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper will no longer be available after the event ends. Please claim it in time.
# Once you've successfully completed the desert mission, your rewards will be sent to you via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim your rewards in time.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Trial of the Scorching Sands
|zhs     = 炽沙的考验
|zhs_rm  = Chìshā de Kǎoyàn
|zht     = 熾沙的考驗
|zht_rm  = Chìshā de Kǎoyàn
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 灼砂の試練
|ja_rm   = Shaku Suna no Shiren
|ja_tl   = Trial of the Burning Sand
|ko      = 불타는 사막의 시련
|ko_rm   = Bultaneun Samak-ui Siryeon
|ko_tl   = Trial of the Scorching Desert
|es      = La prueba de las arenas abrasadoras
|es_tl   = The Test of the Scorching Sands
|fr      = Épreuve du sable brûlant
|fr_tl   = Trial of the Burning Sand
|ru      = Испытание жгучими песками
|ru_tl   = Scorching Sand Trial
|th      = บททดสอบแห่งทรายที่แผดเผา
|th_rm   = Bot Thot-sop haeng Sai thi Phaet-phao
|th_tl   = Scorching Sand Trial
|vi      = Thử Thách Cát Cháy
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Prüfung versengender Sande
|de_tl   = Trial of Scorching Sands
|id      = Ujian Pasir Membara
|id_tl   = Trial of the Burning Sands
|pt      = Prova das Areias Ardentes
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:La prueba de las arenas abrasadoras]]
[[fr:Épreuve du sable brûlant]]
[[pt-br:Prova das Areias Ardentes]]
[[ru:Испытание жгучими песками]]
[[vi:Thử Thách Cát Cháy]]