{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Tricolor File.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Enkanomiya
|summary       = 
|requirement   = [[The Subterranean Trials of Drake and Serpent]]
|characters    = Michiya; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Vishap Research Lab]], [[Enkanomiya]], [[Inazuma]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 200
|primogems     = 30
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
}}
'''Tricolor File''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Enkanomiya]]. Follow the World Quest ''[[Collection of Dragons and Snakes]]'' to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Michiya|the afterimage]] in the restricted area
# Look for the experimental records in the experimental site
#* Activate the {{Color|Cryo}} [[Elemental Monument]] to unlock the cell containing a [[Rimebiter Bathysmal Vishap]] and the [[Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records]].
#* If the Experimental Records were already obtained before speaking to Michiya, this step will be automatically completed and the quest ends after Michiya's dialogue finishes playing.

==Notes==
*The Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records can be obtained without completing this quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to the afterimage in the restricted area)
:'''???:''' Hmph. This is the third group of people you've sent here on Enkanomiya's last day.
:'''???:''' If you want to collect the experimental records, then I have nothing to say to you. Perhaps if you can convince the Erebos and Sangonomiya Factions to cease their squabbling, we may yet discuss this.
:'''???:''' In any case, I'm on Sangonomiya's side. It's better that these records remain forever buried here in the darkness.
:'''Paimon:''' Experimental records?
:'''???:''' What? You're not here to retrieve them? Then leave.
:'''???:''' But that said, no ordinary person should have been able to enter this place. Are you a Jibashiri? Or were you sent here by Sangonomiya to silence us?
:'''Paimon:''' No, no! We're just...
:{{DIcon}} Well, aren't you the bright spark?
:'''???:''' What do you mean?
:{{DIcon}} We're here to watch you work.
:'''???:''' Hmph...
:{{DIcon}} We're here to check on the measures you've taken to ensure the security of the records.
:'''???:''' ...Whatever the case, your ability to get here indicates that you are no ordinary person. But I don't care whose side you're on. Leave this place &mdash; better sooner than later.
:'''???:''' I've placed the records deep within the site, and the way can only be opened by activating an elemental monument. That will require a large amount of elemental energy.
:'''???:''' Once everyone leaves Byakuyakoku, the Bathysmal Vishaps will be let loose. These have been raised to react to a special kind of elemental energy.
:'''???:''' The Bathysmal Vishaps here are all of an enhanced variety, and they have a very high chance of passing their unique traits on their offspring. In a few years, this place will be swarming with powerful Bathysmal Vishaps.
:'''???:''' As such, the records shall be safe as can be.
:{{DIcon}} Wouldn't it be safer to just have the records burnt?
:'''???:''' That was the option that I favored, but our research team is split, and it's not as if I don't understand the other perspectives.
:'''???:''' "We're saving Watatsumi! We're heroes!" "Agh, we're going to be the villains in this story, aren't we..." Both these views have merit.
:'''???:''' And besides, leaving the truth to a generation that can forgive us for what we've done... That is an option that I can also accept.
:'''???:''' Looking at you, you must either be a Jibashiri or one of Sangonomiya's retainers.
:'''Michiya:''' Tell the higher-ups this: that Michiya will remain in the restricted zone until the moment of departure comes to ensure that no one else approaches the area.
:'''Paimon:''' So that makes you Michiya, then?
:'''Michiya:''' Mmhmm... Although I'll probably have to change my name once we get up above the surface to start a new life. Still, our wrongdoings are not so easily wiped away.

;(Talk to Michiya again)
:'''Michiya:''' As for the rest? Hmph. I shall not say.
----
{{Quest Description|[[Michiya]] must have a reason for not giving the records up. You decide to investigate further...}}
;(Look for the experimental records in the experimental site)
:'''Paimon:''' You've gotten better at pulling the wool over someone's eyes again, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' What was he talking about just now, anyway? Something about lighting the elemental monuments up to obtain the records.
:'''Paimon:''' The monument will summon dangerous [[Bathysmal Vishaps]], though, so we should prepare ourselves first!

;(Obtain [[Bathysmal Vishap Experimental Records]])
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/7HaCoq20H7U
|caption1 = Tricolor File Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Tricolor File
|zhs     = 三色档案
|zhs_rm  = Sānsè Dǎng'àn
|zht     = 三色檔案
|zht_rm  = Sānsè Dǎng'àn
|zh_tl   = Tricolor File
|ja      = 三色の帳面
|ja_rm   = Sanshoku no Choumen
|ja_tl   = Tricolor Notes
|ko      = 3색 파일
|ko_rm   = Samsaek Pa'il
|ko_tl   = Tricolor File
|es      = Un archivo de tres colores
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Fichier tricolore
|fr_tl   = Tricolor File
|ru      = Трёхцветный архив
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เอกสารสามสี
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hồ Sơ Ba Màu
|vi_tl   = Tricolor File
|de      = Dreifarbenakte
|de_tl   = Tricolor File
|id      = Berkas Tiga Warna
|id_tl   = Tricolor File
|pt      = Arquivo Tricolor
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}