{{About|the first act of Lisa's Story Quest|the first quest in the first act of her Story Quest|Troublesome Work (Quest)}}
{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Tempus Fugit Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Tempus Fugit Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Lisa
|ARReq          = 15
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]]: Act I - [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]]
}}
'''Troublesome Work''' is the first act of [[Lisa]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Tempus Fugit Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed the {{Quest|The Outlander Who Caught the Wind}} and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 15.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] helps Lisa track down some overdue books from the library.

==List of Quests==
# [[Troublesome Work (Quest)|Troublesome Work]]
# [[Lost Book]]

==Summary==
;Troublesome Work
The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] pay a visit to the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters|Mondstadt Library]] and find [[Lisa]], who appears to be slightly bored with her job. Upon seeing the pair, her mood improves and she recalls that they are traveling across [[Teyvat]], leading her to recommend a [[Teyvat Travel Guide|travel guide]] for them. However, she realizes that the book is checked out and in fact overdue, only to realize that there are a number of other books also overdue. She then decides to pay visits to the library's patrons to get the books back and requests the Traveler to accompany her if they want the travel guide.

The three visit several locations around the city and reclaim the books, while spending some time together shopping. During this, the Traveler selects some ideal gifts for Lisa, including a [[Souvenir Shop|souvenir]], [[Good Hunter|dish]], and [[Floral Whisper|flower]]. Unfortunately, the idyllic excursion is interrupted when Lisa learns from [[Donna]] that the book she had borrowed is missing and has possibly been stolen. As there are elemental markers on every library copy to prevent them from going missing, Lisa, Paimon, and the Traveler are able to follow the trail the book thief has left.
----
;Lost Book
The trio eventually arrive at the ruins the book thief is apparently living in, which leads Lisa to deduce that the book thief is part of the [[Abyss Order]]. She dispels the seal protecting the area, allowing them to enter. Investigating further, they find a [[Abyss Mages|Cryo Abyss Mage]] named Emery who is surprised by their presence. It claims that the book contains "the secret" and refuses to return it to her, so Lisa immediately electrocutes Emery as punishment. The Traveler then discovers the book, which appears to be an entirely normal copy of the storybook ''[[The Pale Princess and the Six Pygmies]].'' Lisa allows them to take the book, with an indefinite due date, and reminds them to register with her at the library as she leaves.

Returning to the library, the Traveler catches up to Lisa, who has gotten a new order of travel guides. She allows them to take one and gives them some "souvenirs" for their assistance in her errand as well. At the end, she tells them to look forward for their next routing together.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Troublesome Work|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Troublesome Work
|zhs     = 麻烦的工作
|zhs_rm  = Máfan de Gōngzuò
|zht     = 麻煩的工作
|zht_rm  = Máfan de Gōngzuò
|zh_tl   = Troublesome Work
|ja      = 面倒な仕事
|ja_rm   = Mendou-na Shigoto
|ja_tl   = Troublesome Work
|ko      = 귀찮은 업무
|ko_tl   = Tiresome Work
|es      = Un trabajo problemático
|es_tl   = A Troublesome Work
|fr      = Tâche ingrate
|fr_tl   = Thankless Task
|ru      = Рутинная работа
|ru_tl   = Routine Work
|th      = งานแสนยุ่งเหยิง
|th_rm   = Ngan Saen Yung-yoeng
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Công Việc Phiền Phức
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Große Anstrengungen
|de_tl   = Big Efforts
|id      = Pekerjaan yang Merepotkan
|id_tl   = Troublesome Work
|pt      = Trabalho Problemático
|pt_tl   = Problematic Work
|tr      = Zahmetli İş
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Problemi di lavoro
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Un trabajo problemático]]
[[fr:Tâche ingrate]]
[[ja:面倒な仕事]]
[[pt-br:Trabalho Problemático]]
[[ru:Рутинная работа]]
[[vi:Công Việc Phiền Phức]]