{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41126
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals|showType=0}}
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Fading Star's Essence*20;Primogem*40;Mora*25,000
|characters    = Dongdong; Jiayi; Little Liu; Paimon; Traveler; Uncle Ghast; Yundan
}}
'''''Trouble With Letters''''' is one of the quests during the third phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Star of Destiny. The player must complete [[What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals]] to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Jiayi]]
#Clear the monsters near [[Qingce Village]] out.
#Deliver [[Jiayi's Letter]] to [[Little Liu]]
#Ask the villagers about Little Liu's whereabouts (0/3)
#Deliver the letter to Little Liu
#Report back to Jiayi

==Gameplay Notes==
* For Step 4, the player can skip to speaking with Yundan as only she knows the answer to Little Liu's whereabouts.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Due to the meteor shower, [[Jiayi]]'s plan to return home to see his family has been canceled yet again. He is looking for someone to send a letter to [[Qingce Village]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Jiayi:''' *sigh* What shall I do...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Jiayi:''' You must have seen those meteorites that fell from the sky as well, right? Fortunately, the City wasn't hit, but it's a real mess out there in the wild.
:'''Jiayi:''' Not only have the meteorites blocked the roads, but they've also caused the nearby monsters to become more agitated and dangerous than usual, and they've been attacking passers-by and merchants everywhere.
:'''Jiayi:''' The Ministry of Civil Affairs has sent almost every single available Millelith out, but Liyue too large. We can only ensure the safety of a few main roads and some key villages.
:'''Jiayi:''' I'd applied to go to Qingce Village to take up guard duties there, but for some reason, I still got redeployed here to stand by for orders...
:'''Jiayi:''' Traveler, could you help me send this letter to a girl named Little Liu who lives in Qingce Village?
:'''Jiayi:''' She's my daughter, and I'd agreed to go back to spend a few days with her. But with this emergency dropping up, there's no way that'll happen now...
:{{DIcon}} I've got your back.
::'''Jiayi:''' Much appreciated, Traveler. Ah, what horrible luck...
:{{DIcon}} It wasn't in your hands...
::'''Jiayi:''' I know, but... I just don't get it. Why does something happen every time I try to apply for leave?
::'''Jiayi:''' I'm finding it hard to call it a coincidence...
::'''Jiayi:''' Well, I'll leave it to you then. Please help me get this letter to Little Liu.
:'''Jiayi:''' That said, I've heard from people who've come to stand down from duty that quite a few monsters have gathered near Qingce Village as well.
:'''Jiayi:''' Well... I don't mean to impose, but you do look dressed for adventure.
:'''Jiayi:''' Could you have a look around Qingce Village while you're sending the letter, and help to clear the monsters out?
:'''Jiayi:''' The Millelith largely stand guard on the main roads and key passes... Things could go poorly if some scattered monsters were able to sneak into Qingce Village.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then...
::'''Jiayi:''' Thank you! I truly appreciate it.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Jiayi's Letter}})
:{{DIcon}} Well, that'll run you extra...
::'''Jiayi:''' Well, um... Don't worry, I will arrange fair compensation for you.
::'''Jiayi:''' You have my thanks.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Jiayi's Letter}})
;(Talk to Jiayi again)
:'''Jiayi:''' *sigh* When will I finally be able to clear my leave...
----
;(Upon reaching the monster camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Ha! Looks like there were monsters hiding in here. Let's take 'em out!
----
;(After clearing out the monsters)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that should do it. Let's go to Qingce Village and get that letter into Little Liu's hands.
----
;(At Qingce Village)
:'''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, do you know where she is?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, well then, guess we'll just have to ask the villagers.
----
;(Speaking to [[Dongdong]])
:'''Dongdong:''' Wow! You look like a traveler, are you?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Do you know where Little Liu is?
:'''Dongdong:''' Little Liu? We were going to meet here to watch the meteorites, but she said that she wanted to find someplace higher.
:'''Dongdong:''' She said that she'd tell me once she found our new spot, but I don't know where she's gone.
----
;(Speaking to [[Uncle Ghast]])
:'''Uncle Ghast:''' Oh? Come and have a chat, kid. Who knows &mdash; if the influence of those meteorites gets any stronger, there'll be no one to talk to but in your dreams. *chuckles*
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, about Little Liu...
:'''Uncle Ghast:''' Little Liu... Little Liu... Ah yes, I know her. But I've been here all this while, and she didn't pass this way.
----
;(Speaking to [[Yundan]])
:'''Yundan:''' Hi, and welcome to our village.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Any idea where Little Liu is?
:'''Yundan:''' Little Liu? Hmm, I remember her saying that she wanted to find a high place so she could watch the meteorites...
:'''Yundan:''' Hmm, I think she {{Color|buzzword|climbed up those ladders over there}}.
----
;(Speaking to Little Liu)
:'''Little Liu:''' I should be able to see the meteorites clearly from here...
:{{DIcon}} There's a letter for you...
:'''Little Liu:''' A letter from Daddy... Ugh, I already know what it's going to say...
:'''Little Liu:''' He can't come and spend time with me because of work, right?
:'''Little Liu:''' When those Millelith came here, I thought Daddy would be with them, but that didn't happen...
:'''Little Liu:''' But that's not a bad thing, actually. With all those rocks falling from the sky, Daddy could be in danger out there.
:{{DIcon}} Aren't you scared?
::'''Little Liu:''' Well... a little, but we should be alright. The Millelith are here, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Don't go out there, now.
::'''Little Liu:''' I know, I know. The Millelith have talked our ears off already.
:'''Little Liu:''' Right! Could you send this letter back to Daddy for me? He must be worried.
:'''Little Liu:''' It's so strange. Something seems to happen every time Daddy says he'll take leave and spend time with me...
:;(Obtain {{Item|Little Liu's Letter}})
;(Speak to Little Liu again)
:'''Little Liu:''' That's so weird. Why does something happen every time Daddy applies for leave?
----
;(Speaking to Jiayi back in Liyue Harbor)
:'''Jiayi:''' You're back. Did you manage to deliver the letter?
:{{DIcon}} I did. Little Liu has a letter for you too, by the by.
:'''Jiayi:''' Little Liu wrote me a letter? Let me see...
:'''Jiayi:''' Thank you, Traveler. I'll keep this for the time being. This is not the time to be reading letters... I must attend to my duties now.
:'''Jiayi:''' Please take this compensation for your trouble.
:'''Jiayi:''' Once this is all over, I'm taking a long break for sure...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Trouble With Letters
|zhs     = 家书难递
|zhs_rm  = Jiāshū Nán Dì
|zht     = 家書難遞
|zht_rm  = Jiāshū Nán Dì
|zh_tl   = Letter to Home is Hard to Deliver
|ja      = 届けにくい家書
|ja_rm   = Todokenikui Kasho
|ja_tl   = Hard to Deliver Letter from Home
|ko      = 전하지 못한 편지
|ko_rm   = Jeonhaji Motan Pyeonji
|ko_tl   = Undelivered Letter
|es      = Una carta difícil de enviar
|es_tl   = A Difficult Letter to Send
|fr      = Une lettre difficile à envoyer
|fr_tl   = A Difficult Letter to Send
|ru      = Проблема с письмами
|ru_tl   = Trouble With Letters
|th      = จดหมายที่ส่งยาก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bức thư khó gửi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Probleme mit Briefen
|de_tl   = Troubles With Letters
|id      = Masalah Dengan Surat
|id_tl   = Trouble With Letters
|pt      = Encrenca com Cartas
|pt_tl   = Trouble With Letters
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:届けにくい家書]]
[[ru:Проблема с письмами]]