{{Terminology Infobox
|image = 
|type  = Domain Types
}}
'''Trounce Domains''' are [[Domain]]s containing powerful [[Weekly Bosses]] that are unlocked by completing [[Archon Quest]]s or a specific character's [[Story Quest]]. Once the player reaches [[Adventure Rank]] 40, they can Quick Challenge locked Trounce Domains through the [[Adventurer Handbook]] in Single Player Mode.

Players can complete this domain as many times as they want, but can only collect rewards from each Trounce Domain once per week. The cost for opening the Ley Line Blossom for the first three Weekly Bosses is {{Item|Original Resin|30|x=30}}, and {{Item|Original Resin|30|x=60}} subsequently. Rewards are refreshed with [[Reset#Weekly Reset|Weekly Reset]].

==Descriptions==
{{Description|{{Color|menu|Rules}}<br>Trounce Domains contain unusually powerful opponents. After completing the challenge, you can obtain abundant rewards.<br>To receive these rewards, use Original Resin on the Trounce Ley Line Blossom.<br>Revitalizing the Ley Line Blossom requires 60 Original Resin.<br>Three opportunities will arise every week to halve the Original Resin cost of revitalizing these Trounce Blossoms.<br><br>{{Color|menu|Reset}}<br>Only one Trounce Domain reward can be obtained per Trounce Domain per week.<br>This resets each Monday at 4:00 AM (server time).<br><br>{{Color|menu|Quick Challenge}}<br>When you reach Adventure Rank 40, you can, in Single-Player Mode, use your Adventurer's Handbook to challenge Trounce Domains you have yet to unlock.<br>Trounce Domain entrances are unlocked once you complete the relevant story events. To ensure that you get the best experience, complete said quest(s) first.|[[Adventurer Handbook]]: Trounce Domain Rules}}
{{Description|Trounce Blossoms are Ley Line Blossoms that symbolize mighty beings. The flowers that bloom from these living souls of extraordinary power usually require 60 Original Resin to revitalize and thus obtain their treasure from the ley lines.<br>Three opportunities shall arise every week to halve the cost of revitalizing Trounce Blossoms.<br>These rewards and the opportunities to halve the cost of claiming them will refresh every Monday at 4:00 AM server time.<br><br>Remaining cost-halving opportunities this week: X/3|Adventurer Handbook/[[Map]]: Trounce Ley Line Blossoms}}

==List of Trounce Domains==
{{Domains by Category Table|Trounce Domains|noelements=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Trounce Domain
|zhs     = 征讨领域
|zhs_rm  = Zhēngtǎo Lǐngyù
|zht     = 征討領域
|zht_rm  = Zhēngtǎo Lǐngyù
|zh_tl   = Subjugation Domain
|ja      = 征討領域
|ja_rm   = Seitou Ryouiki
|ja_tl   = Subjugation Domain
|ko      = 영역 토벌
|ko_tl   = Domain Subjugation
|es      = Dominio de la cruzada
|es_tl   = Dominion of the Crusade
|fr      = Donjon de la conquête
|fr_tl   = Dungeon of Conquest
|ru      = Подземелья наказания
|ru_tl   = Dungeon of Punishment
|th      = Trounce Domain
|vi      = Vùng Đất Thảo Phạt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Gebietssäuberung
|de_tl   = Area Cleansing
|id      = Domain Trounce
|id_tl   = Trounce Domain
|pt      = Domínio Dizimado
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ezici Zindan
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Dominio della conquista
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Domain Navbox|Permanent}}
[[Category:Trounce Domains| ]]

[[ja:征討領域]]