{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 21026
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Troubles Traveling Through Tributaries.png
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Yaoguang Shoal]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Ahoy! A Pirate's Growth for Ye!
|next          = The Little Pirate Goes Out to Sea
|requirement   = 
|other         = AR-Dependent Rewards
|npc           = Yue Chuan
|characters    = Yue Chuan; Paimon; Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Qiongji Estuary
}}
'''Troubles Traveling Through Tributaries''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Yue Chuan]]
#Release Drifting Bottle
#Talk to Yue Chuan
<!--
==Notes==
-->
==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Yue Chuan]] appears to have picked up Little Meng's drifting bottle...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yue Chuan)
:'''Yue Chuan:''' The handwriting in this bottled letter seems to belong to a child...
:'''Yue Chuan:'''  "[[Little Meng]]"? Who's that?
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Is that drifting bottle...
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Traveler? Judging from your tone, you know the person who wrote this letter, don't you?
:{{DIcon}} I guess...
:{{DIcon}} It's a kid from Liyue Harbor...
:'''''You tell Yue Chuan about Little Meng...'''''
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Ah, so that's how it is. Quite the thinker too, this kid. Wanting to become mature...
:'''Yue Chuan:''' You know what? I think he'd gain a lot from taking a little trip outside to broaden his horizons.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. Little Meng did say that he'd like to travel outside Liyue Harbor...
:'''Paimon:''' But we invited him that time, didn't we? Why didn't he just agree then?
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Hahaha, I suppose that's a wee bit of what you might call a boy's "stubbornness."
:'''Yue Chuan:''' It's his troubles, and he wants to solve them himself, you know? Can't be relying on others all the time.
:'''Paimon:''' But he's not going to solve this problem by floating a bottle downstream...
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Well, yes. And that's where a reliable adult comes in, no?
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Come on, Traveler. Let's write this kid a letter together, shall we?
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Let's tell the kid about all the fascinating things waiting for him in the outside world.
:'''Yue Chuan:''' That said... Well, it's not like I've been to too many places, so you're in charge of the details, Traveler.
:{{DIcon}} Let's write about the towering ruins shrouded in raging winds...
:{{DIcon}} Let's mention the archipelago surrounded by thundering storms...
:{{DIcon}} Let's talk about the island that the Electro Archon split in two...
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Whoa, whoa there. Slow down, I'm still writing over here...
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Hmm... This goes here... and we write that there...
:'''''Yue Chuan starts to pen a letter...'''''
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Alright! That's a wrap — wow, we sure wound up writing a lot...
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Honestly, just listening to you talk about your travels makes me want to travel myself!
:{{DIcon}} It's not bad at all.
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Ah, but at my age, there's too much business to attend to. Traveling willy-nilly is just not something I can do.
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Well, I've put this letter into the drifting bottle. Send it down the river.
;(Obtain [[Yue Chuan's Drifting Bottle]] ×1)

;(Talk to Yue Chuan again)
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Well, I've put this letter into the drifting bottle. Send it down the river.
----
;(Release Yue Chuan's Drifting Bottle)
:'''''You let the drifting bottle go...'''''

;(Check the drifting bottle)
:'''Check:''' Yue Chuan's drifting bottle was only just released, and hasn't floated off very far yet.
----
;(Talk to Yue Chuan)
:'''Yue Chuan:''' How did it go? Have you sent the bottle off on its way?
:{{DIcon}} Will Little Meng really receive it?
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Heh. Usually, it would be a difficult thing. Impossible, even.
:'''Paimon:''' Then what was the point of us doing all that?
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Haha, relax. I did say that a certain responsible adult would help him.
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Do you know of a place called Sumeru?
:'''Yue Chuan:''' I have a few friends who are businessmen. They are currently planning to get into the mushroom market, so they're going there to perform market surveys.
:'''Yue Chuan:'''  But as you know, "market surveys" tend to also leave much time open for leisure.
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Since that kid called Little Meng wants to travel, I can ask those friends of mine if they can bring another person along.
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Don't worry about it. I'll handle all the arrangements.
:'''Yue Chuan:''' I've made another copy of the letter for other purposes. As for the bottle... Let it go on its way, though I doubt anyone will pick it up.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for helping.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you so willing to help Little Meng?
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Isn't fulfilling the dreams of children something adults should do? Relax, you can leave this matter to me.
:'''Yue Chuan:''' Ah, yes. I should ask those friends of mine to dress a bit better. Scaring people just won't do...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Troubles Traveling Through Tributaries
|zhs     = 随水而来的烦恼
|zhs_rm  = Suí Shuǐ Ér Lái de Fánnǎo
|zht     = 隨水而來的煩惱
|zht_rm  = Suí Shuǐ Ér Lái de Fánnǎo
|zh_tl   = Troubles that Came With the Water
|ja      = 水と共に流れてきた悩み
|ja_rm   = Mizu to Tomo ni Nagaretekita Nayami
|ja_tl   = Troubles That Came With the Water
|ko      = 물을 타고 온 고민
|ko_rm   = Mul-eul Tago On Gomin
|ko_tl   = Troubles Over the Water
|es      = Problemas que vienen con la corriente
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Troubles sur les flots
|fr_tl   = Troubles Over the Waves
|ru      = Принесённое волнами беспокойство
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เรื่องกลุ้มใจที่มากับสายน้ำ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Troubles that Come with the Stream
|vi      = Dòng Chảy Mang Phiền Não
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die angeschwemmte Sorge
|de_tl   = The Washed Up Worry
|id      = Kegelisahan yang Mampir Melalui Air
|id_tl   = Worries that Drop-In Through Water
|pt      = Problemas Relacionados com Água
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|In Series}}