{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Trifolium Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Trifolium Chapter
|act            = I
|character      = Klee
|ARReq          = 32
|keyReq         = 1
|storyQuestReq  = [[Noctua Chapter]]: Act I - [[Darknight Hero's Alibi]]
|storyQuestReq2 = [[Lupus Minor Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Meaning of Lupical]]
}}
'''True Treasure''' is the first act of [[Klee]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Trifolium Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs a [[Story Key]], must have completed [[Diluc]]'s Story Quest, [[Noctua Chapter]]: Act I - [[Darknight Hero's Alibi]], completed [[Razor]]'s Story Quest, [[Lupus Minor Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Meaning of Lupical]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 32.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] heard of a hot trend at [[Angel's Share]] of who the strongest fighter in all of [[Mondstadt]] is.

==List of Quests==
# [[Who Is Mondstadt's Strongest Fighter?]]
# [[The Mystery of the Girl in Red's Treasure]]
# [[A Very Volatile Treasure]]

==Summary==
;Who Is Mondstadt's Strongest Fighter?
The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] return to [[Diluc]]'s tavern, [[Angel's Share]], meeting [[Patton]] at night. Patton laments the fact that he can't join in on the current hot trend of who the strongest fighter in all of [[Mondstadt]] is. This gets the pair's attention as they enter the tavern and begin asking the people inside who they think is the strongest fighter. They get varied answers such as [[Stanley]], Diluc (as the Darknight Hero) and [[Jean]], but [[Six-Fingered José]] tells them that the strongest is actually a [[Klee|little girl]] who blew up the [[Stormbearer Mountains]].

Seeing that everyone has their own opinion, the two decide to head to the [[Knights of Favonius Headquarters|Knights of Favonius HQ]] and speak to [[Jean]]. Jean is unable to answer their question, but tells them that she has heard reports of an [[Abyss Mages|Abyss Mage]] lurking around the city, warning the two to be on their guard as they travel around.

----

;The Mystery of the Girl in Red's Treasure
Leaving Jean's office, the two bump into a small girl who drops a parchment regarding "survival" rules. The Traveler picks it up and Paimon reads the bizarre rules. The girl introduces herself as Klee, who then recognizes the Traveler as the Honorary Knight. Klee tells them that the "treasure" she buried in [[Whispering Woods]] has gone missing. She had buried the treasure with a large marker, much to Paimon's surprise. Arriving at the woods, Paimon soon spots an Abyss Mage, the one Jean had been warning them about. The Pyro mage attempts to shake the trio off its trail, but they are able to catch up to it. Klee calls the mage "Mr. Fluffball" and believes it is just playing as a bad guy, despite Paimon telling her that the Abyss Order is evil. It disappears to its stronghold at the end of the chase.

Inside the stronghold, the Traveler and Klee clear the area of slimes and hilichurls. Reaching the end of the domain, they confront the mage, who tells them that the human nature of gossiping has allowed it to deduce that Klee is the strongest in all of Mondstadt and tries to use her "treasure" against them. Klee warns Mr. Fluffball not to activate the bomb. Mr. Fluffball, believing that Klee is scared that it will use its treasure on them, ignores her warning and prematurely sets off the bomb, killing it. Klee becomes horrified at this and runs off, having broken one of the survival rules.

----

;A Very Volatile Treasure
The Traveler and Paimon return to headquarters where they find Klee frantically apologizing to Jean for hurting someone. Jean is confused by Klee's apology until the pair come in, explaining to her that the person she "hurt" was an Abyss Mage. Jean then apologizes to Klee for not having told her about the [[Abyss Order]]; in part due to solving the problem, she allows her to attend the next [[Ludi Harpastum]], much to her delight. But unfortunately the celebration was cut short as Jean is able to suspect that Klee was intending to blow up the fish at [[Starfell Lake]], so Klee resigns herself to solitary confinement. Jean explains to the two that Klee is also a member of the Knights; despite the trouble she causes them, they care for her and she asks the Traveler to watch over her in the future.

Heading to the confinement room nearby, the pair learn that Klee is contemplating her actions, but is also developing another bomb in the process, intending to show it off in the next Ludi Harpastum.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|True Treasure|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = True Treasure
|zhs     = 真正的宝物
|zhs_rm  = Zhēnzhèng de Bǎowù
|zht     = 真正的寶物
|zht_rm  = Zhēnzhèng de Bǎowù
|zh_tl   = Real Treasure
|ja      = 本当の宝物
|ja_rm   = Hontou no Takaramono
|ja_tl   = True Treasure
|ko      = 진정한 보물
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El verdadero tesoro
|es_tl   = The True Treasure
|fr      = Le vrai trésor
|fr_tl   = The True Treasure
|ru      = Настоящее сокровище
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = สมบัติที่แท้จริง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bảo Vật Thực Sự
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wahrer Schatz
|de_tl   = True Treasure
|id      = Harta yang Sesungguhnya
|id_tl   = Treasure that is real
|pt      = Tesouro Verdadeiro
|pt_tl   = True Treasure
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}