{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11121
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Historia Antiqua Chapter
|actNum        = II
|act           = No Mere Stone
|part          = 2
|character     = Zhongli
|startLocation = [[Lisha]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Lisha
|prev          = Strange Sights, Stolen Souls
|next          = Shifting Earth and Lost Threads Come to Light
|exp           = 400
|mora          = 24,100
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Bravo; Kun Jun; Paimon; Traveler; Uncle Dai; Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Truth in the Stones''' is the second part of [[Zhongli]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Historia Antiqua Chapter]]: Act II - [[No Mere Stone]].

==Steps==
# Head to the mining site that [[Uncle Dai]] mentioned
# Look for clues
# Look for more clues
#* Approach [[Kun Jun]]
#* Talk to [[Bravo]]
# Report the outcome of your investigation to Uncle Dai
# Find Kun Jun

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You arrive at the mine, the scene of the incident, and begin your investigation. A series of clues makes clear that there is nothing ordinary about this disappearance. What is the connection between the mysterious person behind this incident and the missing miners? Where did the missing miners disappear to? You have to know the truth.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Head to the mining site that Uncle Dai mentioned)
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, this mine is huge...
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 uncledai 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' This is where the incident occurred.
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 uncledai 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Six days ago, a group of us left the site to attend to other matters. When we returned, the four men we'd left behind had vanished.
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 uncledai 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' I led a team around the entire mine but found no trace. That's when I decided to enlist help.
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' So [[Missing Miners|four miners]] have disappeared.
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 uncledai 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Yes. There were ten of us. We lost Long, Bold Cen, Brave Cen, and Mao. I worked with all of them.
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Workers in this trade are usually young men in the prime of their lives. Could it be that the four of them left for another mine?
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 uncledai 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Unlikely. There's no other lodging for miles around, and we didn't pass any other mines on the way over.
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 kunjun 01.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Huh... such a huge mine. Did you really manage to explore every corner?
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 uncledai 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Underground, overground... we left no stone unturned. We tried everything short of digging further into the earth itself. How could four sturdy young men just vanish into the bedrock?
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We'll need to explore the site ourselves before extracting any conclusions.
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 uncledai 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Very well, I'll wait here, please proceed wherever you'd like. If you come across any clues, let me know straight away.

;(After cutscene)
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So strange... how could the four of them just suddenly disappear...? Did they run away from something?
:{{A|vo zllq102 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's look around first and see if we can find any clues!

;(Talk to Uncle Dai again)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq102 uncledai 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' I'll leave the investigations to you.

;(Talk to Kun Jun before approaching the first clue)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq102 kunjun 01.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' We'll work more efficiently if we split up. I'll start my investigations here.
:{{A|vo dialog zllq102 kunjun 02.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Hmm... let's start with the details... what type of rocks do we have here...

----

;(Approach the first clue)
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Over here! What's this?
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A pile of shirts, some trousers...
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' A few everyday items, they must belong to Uncle Dai and his men.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' One, two, three, four...
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... that seems right. Ten shirts, ten pairs of trousers.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These must be spares, right? Look, Uncle Dai's clothes are identical.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The four of them have been gone for six days without a change of clothes.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's also a few handkerchiefs and some soap lying around... Oh, and some tool belts.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Items for washing one's face before the dawn shift... mining equipment...
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... they didn't take any supplies...
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hmm, correct.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they didn't need them?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe they just forgot them?
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Improbable.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' There are four pickaxes missing. It seems likely they left with the tools of their trade.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' They had time to take their tools, but not their everyday items? Curious.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... why would someone set off with their tools, but leave their luggage behind?
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' One: They were working close by and didn't need to move their personal effects. But seeing as they've yet to return, this seems an unlikely hypothesis.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Or, two: They were forced to leave and had no time to think about their supplies.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh...!
:{{DIcon}} Do you think... someone kidnapped them?
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's certainly a possibility. We'll need more clues before any further inference can be made.
:{{A|vo zllq102 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If they didn't leave, maybe they were made to leave... Let's make a note and let Uncle Dai know.
----
;(Approach Kun Jun)
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kun Jun, what do you have there?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 01.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Oh, right on time.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Did you find anything?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 02.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' There's a chunk of ore here, perhaps there are clues within.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ore? What does it have to do with the disappearance?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 03.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Let's find out. I'll give it a try. A moment please.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 04.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' ... Okay...
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' ...
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Looks like he's concentrating really hard. What's he up to?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 05.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I see... four men... following someone out of the mine... it looks like a child.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A child? What's a child doing in a mine!?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 06.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I'm not sure...
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, how did you "see" anything exactly?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 07.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Oh! I don't mean "see" in the traditional sense... I&mdash;I would appreciate it if what I'm about to tell you remained a secret. It's a little odd... I've never dared to tell anyone before.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 08.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I can... perceive the memories of ore.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh&mdash;!?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' "Perceive?" So there's no... conjecture at work?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You mean you can put your hand on a rock and &mdash; boom! It just happens?
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 09.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I've always sensed that ore contains "memories." Sometimes it records events that occur in the surrounding area. All I have to do is touch one and focus my attention, and the memories come to me.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Amazing! So you can find out everything that ever happened there!
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 10.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' It depends on the ore. Some ores have astounding memories. Others, like Iron Ore and White Iron Ore aren't up to much. Their memories are hazy.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 11.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Cor Lapis and crystal memories are much stronger. They record more events and in greater detail.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Stone-seeing... fascinating. A rare ability indeed. It was prudent of Uncle Dai to recruit you, Mr. Kun Jun.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 12.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Haha, I'm glad I can be of assistance.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 kunjun 13.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Based on what I saw, I believe they followed this path.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This will take us north, away from the mine.
:{{A|vo zllq102 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' North... another clue for Uncle Dai! Let's make a note of it.

;(Talk to Kun Jun again)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq102 kunjun 03.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Could it be that the child I saw kidnapped them? Hmm...

;(Observe Stone)
:'''Observe Stone:''' (It looks like... some sort of Cor Lapis?)
:'''Observe Stone:''' (It was able to record the information we needed. A curious stone, indeed.)

----

;(Talk to Bravo)
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Excuse me sir, are you one of the workers here?
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 bravo 01.ogg}} '''Bravo:''' Ah! Yes, yes! You must be here about the disappearance. Please find them if you can!
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 bravo 02.ogg}} '''Bravo:''' I... I don't know what happened. The weather was gloomy that day, the foreman left with a few men.
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 bravo 03.ogg}} '''Bravo:''' I stayed behind with the other four. After a while I decided to take a break... just to catch my breath!
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 bravo 04.ogg}} '''Bravo:''' I ended up falling asleep in the shelter inside. When I woke up, there was no sight of them! I'd only just been speaking with them and suddenly... they'd vanished...
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 bravo 05.ogg}} '''Bravo:''' Maybe... maybe I'm next...
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' So the men that were out working disappeared, with the only one left to tell the tale having been asleep in a shelter.
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Perhaps an accident occurred on-site.
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... What a scary thought...
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' An on-site accident... We should note that down too.

;(Report the outcome of your investigation to Uncle Dai)
:{{A|vo zllq102 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We've found some clues. Time to report back to Uncle Dai.

;(Talk to [[Bravo]] again)
<!-- The dialogue doesn't change after finding all clues -->
:{{A|vo dialog zllq102 bravo 01.ogg}} '''Bravo:''' Where did my friends disappear to? Ugh... I tremble just thinking about it.

----

;(Talk to Uncle Dai)
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 01.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' You're back! How are the investigations going?
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We found three clues in the vicinity.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' First, there are four missing pickaxes, yet everyday items are still in their place. This suggests that your men didn't leave of their own accord, but were forced to.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 02.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Forced to!? But... who would kidnap miners?
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Who, indeed. Second, there were five workers at the mine. One of them left the site to take respite. When he awoke, his colleagues had disappeared without a trace.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Those who kept working all disappeared. The one who left early emerged safe and sound. It would appear that the incident occurred on-site.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 03.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Now that you mention it, I recall Bravo saying that he took a break.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 04.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Could someone have entered the site and simply walked away with them!?
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This leads me to my third point. Mr. Kun Jun here made good use of his... expert techniques... to arrive at a conclusion. It was a child that took your men away.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 05.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' A child!? But there are no settlements here for miles around! There's no way a child would have made it over to the mine!
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Unlikely as it sounds, that's our conclusion. Your men were following a child.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 06.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Where did they go?
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' We believe that they followed the road north, away from the mine and toward the ruins.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 07.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' North! Right, I'll rally my men and head in pursuit.
:{{DIcon}} Do you need help?
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 08.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' You've been invaluable to the investigation, but leave the legwork to us. If we set off now and make haste, we might be able to catch them.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Not so fast. The incident occurred six days ago. Even if they set out on foot, they will have covered a lot of ground by now.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 09.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' *sigh* You're right... New plan. I'll lead my search party over to the settlements further out and make some inquiries.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 10.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' There are only a few settlements around here with lodging for the night. We'll go investigate and see if we can come up with anything.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 11.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' In the meantime you could keep looking for clues. If we don't see each other, let's reconvene at Wangshu Inn tomorrow evening.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Agreed.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 uncledai 12.ogg}} '''Uncle Dai:''' Alright, me and my men will get going!
;(Uncle Dai leaves the area)
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... they're gonna talk to the people over at the settlements, while we keep investigating here...
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Correct.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... there aren't any more clues at the mine... Shouldn't we go north?
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Wait... I believe we're missing someone.
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo zllq102 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, where's Kun Jun? Paimon bets he's still investigating. Let's go find him!

----

;(Find Kun Jun)
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kun Jun! What are you searching for? We're all out of clues! Let's get going!
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 kunjun 01.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Ah, apologies, I'm conducting a quick search for my own benefit. I'm looking for a precious stone known as [[Dragonfall]].
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Dragonfall?
:{{DIcon}} Never heard of it.
:{{DIcon}} Not my area of expertise.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Dragonfall is often used in forging. What use do you have for it?
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 kunjun 02.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I... I don't know.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 kunjun 03.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' I&mdash;I'm sorry, I don't recall why I'm seeking it... I've been feeling very... absent lately. Name and address aside, I'm having trouble remembering things.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 kunjun 04.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' In fact, I've been feeling extremely... anxious... as if there's something I've forgotten to finish. It's... an unpleasant sensation.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon knows that feeling! When you know you've forgotten something but you can't remember exactly what it is.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 kunjun 05.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Ugh... I don't even know where to start with it, I've been... aimlessly wandering. That day at the market, I overheard a conversation while I was buying something. They mentioned Dragonfall.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 kunjun 06.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' It sounded so familiar to me, as if whatever it was I had to do was linked to that stone... So I decided to look for some.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 kunjun 07.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Perhaps if I can retrieve some, I'll remember what it is I have to do.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I see... If I am able to during our endeavour, I will help you look for this stone.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 kunjun 08.ogg}} '''Kun Jun:''' Really? Oh, thank you Mr. Zhongli! You're too kind!
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Think nothing of it.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shouldn't we get going?
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Heading north from The Chasm, we'll reach Lingju Pass. If this is indeed the path they chose, there will be traces.
:{{A|vo zllq102 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! Let's have a look!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Truth in the Stones
|zhs     = 事出有因，矿山奇石
|zhs_rm  = Shìchū-yǒuyīn, kuàngshān qíshí
|zht     = 事出有因，礦山奇石
|zht_rm  = Shìchū-yǒuyīn, kuàngshān qíshí
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 真実は奇石の中にあり
|ja_rm   = Shinjitsu wa Kiseki no Naka ni Ari
|ja_tl   = The Truth is Inside Rare Stones
|ko      = 광산의 기암
|ko_rm   = Gwangsan-ui Giam
|ko_tl   = Strange Stones in Mine
|es      = En las piedras está la verdad
|es_tl   = In the Stone There is Truth
|fr      = La vérité réside dans la pierre
|fr_tl   = The Truth Resides in the Stone
|ru      = О чём помнят камни
|ru_tl   = What Do Stones Remember
|th      = หินประหลาดในเหมืองแร่
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Mọi chuyện đều có nguyên do, viên đá kỳ lạ của mỏ khoáng
|vi_tl   = Everything Has a Reason, the Strange Stone of the Mineral Mine
|de      = Die Wahrheit verbirgt sich in Steinen
|de_tl   = The Truth hides in the Stones
|id      = Kebenaran di Dalam Batu
|id_tl   = Truth In the Stones
|pt      = As Verdades nas Pedras
|pt_tl   = The Truths in the Stones
|tr      = Taşlardaki Gerçek
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Verità tra le pietre
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}