{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|element          = Cryo
|region           = Snezhnaya
|affiliation      = The Seven
|affiliation2     = Fatui
|group            = Gods
|title            = Cryo Archon
}}
{{Quote|Her Royal Highness the Tsaritsa is actually a gentle soul. Too gentle, in fact, and that's why she had to harden herself. Likewise, she declared war against the whole world only because she dreams of peace.|[[Tartaglia]]<ref name="tartVO">{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Tsaritsa}}</ref>}}
The {{Lang|'''Tsaritsa'''|ru=Царица|ru_rm=Tsaritsa}}, her {{w|Ars Goetia|Goetic}} name and corresponding ideal yet unknown, is the [[Cryo Archon]] among [[The Seven]] who presides over [[Snezhnaya]].

With supreme rule over Snezhnaya, she uses her loyal followers in the [[Fatui]] to manipulate and intimidate the other nations of [[Teyvat]]. She is targeting the other Archons' [[Gnoses]] for reasons unknown, though it likely relates to her goal of "burning away the old world."

The Tsaritsa also has the ability to grant her subjects a power separate from [[Vision]]s, called [[Delusion]]s. These Delusions are used by high-ranking Fatui such as [[Fatui Pyro Agent|Fatui Agents]], [[Fatui Cicin Mage]]s, [[Mirror Maiden]]s, [[Fatui Operative]]s, and the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]].

==Profile==
===Introduction===
{{Quote|Sorry... to also have you shoulder the grievances of the world.<br>Since you could endure my bitter cold, you must have the desire to burn?<br>Then, burn away the old world for me.|The Tsaritsa|[[Shivada Jade Gemstone]]}}
The Tsaritsa is not one of the original members of The Seven who emerged victorious at the end of the [[Archon War]]. At some point between the Archon War and [[Cataclysm]], which left her deeply changed,<ref name="ending note">{{Ref/Quest|Ending Note}}</ref> she ascended as {{Cryo}} Archon, replacing the previous [[Winter Tsar]]. Based on the events surrounding her accession, it is possible that the Tsar died during a conflict with the [[Abyss]].<ref name="Dyed Tassel">{{Ref/Arti|Dyed Tassel}}</ref>

In the [[Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview: Travail|Teyvat Chapter Storyline Preview]], [[Dainsleif]] says of the Tsaritsa and Snezhnaya: ''"She is a [[god]] with no love left for her people, nor do they have any left for her. Her followers only hope to be on her side when the day of her rebellion against the divine comes at last."'' This most likely refers to [[Celestia]], or someone or something located on Celestia.

===Appearance===
Nothing is known about the Tsaritsa's appearance besides the fact that she uses a female vessel. Her gaze is described as "cold but pure,"<ref>{{Ref/CS|Tartaglia|Delusion}}</ref> and it is also suggested she wields a scepter.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Venti|2}}</ref>

==Story==
===History===
At some point in the history of The Seven, the Tsaritsa inherited her position from the [[Belyi Tsar|previous Cryo Archon]]. She is not the original archon who emerged victorious from the Archon War.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Zhongli|5|quote = As time passed, many of The Seven's titles changed hands, and only two remain of the first Seven: Rex Lapis and the Anemo Archon.}}</ref> She witnessed the events of the cataclysm, which left her severely embittered and made her cut off all ties with [[Barbatos]].<ref name="ending note"/>

When [[Il Dottore]] and [[Pierro]] returned with a [[Scaramouche|unique kabukimono]] from [[Inazuma]] after paving the way for future endeavors by sabotaging the [[Mikage Furnace]], the Tsaritsa had the puppet lead expeditions into the [[Abyss]] for reasons unknown.

Upon hearing that an orphan from the [[House of the Hearth]] killed [[Crucabena|a Harbinger]], she issued a pardon to her alongside with a new name, taking the slain Harbinger's place as [[Arlecchino|the Knave]].<ref name="The Song Burning in the Embers">YouTube: [https://youtu.be/tN5JACOEJFM "The Song Burning in the Embers" Full Animated Short | Genshin Impact]</ref>

===Archon Quests===
While the Tsaritsa does not appear in any quests, her Harbingers enforce her will and goal of rebelling against the divine, having tasked them with obtaining her fellow Archons' Gnoses.

[[Signora]] personally collected the Anemo and Geo Gnoses on her behalf, first taking Barbatos' by force due to the animosity between the two, and later receiving [[Morax]]'s after the Tsaritsa offered him something that he accepted as the "contract to end all contracts." When [[Paimon]] inquired as to what she offered, Morax's current vessel [[Zhongli]] informed her and the [[Traveler]] that they would find out themselves in their journey across Teyvat.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Fond Farewell}}</ref>

In [[Sumeru]], Il Dottore claimed that the Tsaritsa had called him back to Snezhnaya, though through the use of his segments, he was able to successfully acquire both the Electro Gnosis that Scaramouche had previously taken and gone missing with, along with the Dendro Gnosis held by [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] after negotiating with her.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Where the Boat of Consciousness Lies}}</ref>

The Tsaritsa allowed [[Arlecchino]] to use the Hydro Gnosis to resolve the disaster foretold by [[Prophecy of Fontaine|the prophecy]] of the [[Primordial Sea]], before handing it to the Tsaritsa.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights}}</ref> After the prophecy was fulfilled, Arlecchino was given the Hydro Gnosis by [[Neuvillette]] as a "diplomatic gift," which she later gave to the Tsaritsa.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Finale}}</ref>

After [[Capitano]] challenged [[Mavuika]] for her Gnosis and lost, he sent a letter to the Tsaritsa requesting to be relieved of his duty to acquire the Gnosis. She agreed to the request, and after he sacrificed his life force to get revenge on [[Ronova]], she notably kept his rank intact. As the only Archon with their Gnosis left and Capitano abandoning his objective, Mavuika suspects that the Tsaritsa would dispatch another Harbinger to collect it for her.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|When All Becomes a Monument}}</ref>

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions|alias=Cryo Archon}}

==Trivia==
* Among The Seven, the Tsaritsa's ideal is currently the only one left unconfirmed. However, it is suspected to be love:
** In the Teyvat Story Chapter Preview, Dainsleif states that she is a "god with no love left" in the opening sentence in the Snezhnaya Chapter, where he mentions the Archons' ideals in their respective chapters. 
** Zhongli avoids mentioning her ideal whereas he mentions the others in the {{Quest|Downtown}}, suggesting it may have changed during the cataclysm.
** Scaramouche (as the [[Wanderer]]), mentions her "love" as another form of "sin".
** In the Chinese name for Shivada Jade Gemstone and its item series, "Shivada" is instead {{zh|哀叙冰|Āixù Bīng|Grieving Ice|Grief-Narrating Ice.}} The word for "grief," {{zh|哀|āi}}, uses similar sounds as the word for "love," {{zh|爱|ài}}.
*** In Japanese, the name is {{ja|哀切なアイスクリスタル|Aisetsu-na Aisu Kurisutaru|Plaintive Ice Crystal.}} The kanji meaning "grief," {{ja|哀}}, in this case using the reading ''ai'', is a homophone with the kanji meaning "love," {{ja|愛|ai}}; furthermore, the actual word for grief or sadness, {{ja|哀しみ|kanashimi}}, has an archaism meaning love or affection, written {{ja|愛しみ|kanashimi}}.
===Etymology===
* Tsaritsa is the female equivalent of a {{w|Tsar}}. The title has multiple spellings, including {{w|Tsarina}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Tsaritsa
|en_lang  = ru
|en_tl    = Empress
|zhs      = 冰之女皇
|zhs_rm   = Bīng zhī Nǚhuáng
|zht      = 冰之女皇
|zht_rm   = Bīng zhī Nǚhuáng
|zh_tl    = Empress of Ice
|ja       = 氷の女皇
|ja_rm    = Koori no Jokou
|ja_tl    = Empress of Ice
|ko       = 얼음<->의 여왕
|ko_tl    = Queen of Ice
|es       = Zarina<ref name="tartVO" /> / Emperatriz del Hielo<ref name="loadscreen">Loading Screen: [[Loading Screen/Others#Fatui|Fatui]]</ref>
|es_tl    = Tsaritsa / Empress of Ice
|fr       = Tsarine<ref name="tartVO" /> / Impératrice de Glace<ref name="loadscreen" />
|fr_tl    = Tsaritsa / Empress of Ice
|ru       = Царица<ref name="tartVO" /> / Ледяная Императрица<ref name="loadscreen" />
|ru_tl    = Tsaritsa / Ice Empress
|th       = Tsaritsa<ref name="tartVO" /> / จักรพรรดินีน้ำแข็ง<ref name="loadscreen" />
|th_rm    = Tsaritsa / Chakkraphatdini Namkhaeng
|th_tl    = Queen Tsaritsa / Ice Empress
|vi       = {{tt|Nữ Hoàng|女皇}} {{tt|Băng|冰}} Giá
|vi_tl    = Ice Empress
|de       = Zarin des Eises
|de_tl    = Tsaritsa of Ice
|id       = Tsaritsa
|pt       = Tsaritsa<ref name="tartVO" /> / Imperatriz do Gelo<ref name="loadscreen" />
|pt_tl    = Tsaritsa / Empress of Ice
|tr       = Çariçe
|tr_tl    = Tsaritsa
|it       = Tsaritsa
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

[[de:Zarin]]
[[es:Zarina]]
[[fr:Tsarine]]
[[ja:氷の女皇]]
[[pl:Caryca]]
[[pt-br:Tsaritsa]]
[[ru:Царица]]
[[th:Tsaritsa]]
[[tr:Çariçe]]
[[vi:Nữ Hoàng Băng Giá]]