{{Location Infobox
|image        = Tsukumomono Groceries.png
|icon         = UI General Goods.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Narukami Island
|subarea      = Inazuma City
}}
'''Tsukumomono Groceries''' is a [[shop]] run by [[Aoi]] that can be found in [[Inazuma]] that sells [[Cooking Ingredient]]s. The supplies restock daily. The shop lacks the map marker normally present on the other two General Goods shops in Mondstadt and Liyue.

Reach [[Reputation]] Rank 4 in Inazuma to gain a 10% Discount.

==Shop==
{{Vendor|Aoi}}

==NPCs==
*[[Aoi]]

==Interactables==
===Advertisement Board===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Before finishing [[Radiant Sakura]])
:'''Tsukumomono Groceries Advertisement Board:''' Tsukumomono Groceries &mdash; we've got everything here!
:'''Tsukumomono Groceries Advertisement Board:''' (Excluding merchandise prohibited by the Sakoku Decree)
;(After finishing [[Radiant Sakura]])
:'''Tsukumomono Groceries Advertisement Board:''' Tsukumomono Groceries &mdash; we've got everything here!
:'''Tsukumomono Groceries Advertisement Board:''' (Excluding merchandise prohibited by law)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
*Aoi's dialogue suggests she may have ties to foreign smugglers, potentially explaining why Tsukumomono Groceries lacks a General Goods Shop icon on the World Map.
*The English version uses the native reading ''mono'' for the suffix of the shop (物, lit. "thing"), whereas the Japanese version uses its Sino-Japanese reading ''butsu''.
*The name of the shop (九十九物, lit. "Ninety Nine Things" or fig. "Many Things") may be an allusion to ''{{w|tsukumogami}}'' (付喪神), literally meaning "tool ''kami'' (god)," or spirits in the Japanese folklore who are said to dwell in aged objects.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Tsukumomono Groceries
|zhs      = 九十九物
|zhs_rm   = Jiǔshíjiǔ-wù
|zht      = 九十九物
|zht_rm   = Jiǔshíjiǔ-wù
|zh_tl    = Ninety-Nine Things
|ja       = {{Rubi|九十九|つくも|物|ぶつ}}
|ja_rm    = Tsukumo-butsu<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To Treat the Well-Meaning Well|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Ninety-Nine Things
|ja_note  = {{Lang|"Tsukumo"|ja={{Rubi|九十九|つくも}}|ja_rm=tsukumo|ja_lit=ninety-nine}} can also be used more broadly to mean "many" (in this case, "many things").
|ko       = 99 잡화점
|ko_rm    = Gugu Japhwa-jeom<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To Treat the Well-Meaning Well|note=Korean Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko_tl    = 99 General Store
|es       = Bazar Tsukumomono
|es_tl    = Tsukumomono Bazaar
|fr       = Épicerie Tsukumomono
|fr_tl    = Tsukumomono Grocery Store
|ru       = Цукумомоно
|th       = ร้านขายของชำ Tsukumomono
|th_rm    = Ran khai khongcham Tsukumomono
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = {{tt|Tiệm|店}} {{tt|Tạp Hóa|雜貨}} Tsukumomono
|vi_tl    = Tsukumomono Grocery Store
|de       = Tsukumomono-Geschäft
|de_tl    = Tsukumomono Shop
|id       = Tsukumomono Groceries
|pt       = Mercearia Tsukumomono
|pt_tl    = Tsukumomono Grocery Store
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Inazuma}}

[[es:Bazar Tsukumomono]]