{{CharacterTabs}}
==Profile==
<!--detailed story/lore information goes here-->
===Introduction===
{{Quote
|The teapot spirit that resides in the Serenitea Pot.<br />Is in charge of affairs within the teapot and seems to know still more about its inner workings.
|Map Description
}}
===Appearance===
Tubby appears as a small floating blue [[Wildlife#Finches|Finch]] with stripes of orange and white around her beak. Her appearance greatly changes in certain Trust Ranks.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Tubby)
:''<small>(Trust Ranks 1 to 3)</small>''
:{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship1 plumpy 01.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Maybe you are not used to the place at the moment, but once you've materialized enough rooms and furniture through Sub-Space Creation, it will feel just like home.
:''<small>(Trust Ranks 4 to 6)</small>''
:{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship2 plumpy 01.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' We have put in much work of late, and to much avail. Slowly but surely, the area is coming to life.
:''<small>(Trust Ranks 7 to 9)</small>''
:{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship3 plumpy 01.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Would you care to sit down and join me for some tea?
:''<small>(Trust Rank 10)</small>''
:{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship4 plumpy 01.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' This realm is truly beginning to thrive. I cannot help but be stirred...
:{{DIcon|Tubby}} Trust Rank
:;(Opens [[Trust Rank]] menu)
:{{DIcon|Switch}}Switch Realm Style
:;(Opens [[Realm Layout]] Preview menu, other Realm Layouts available at Trust Rank 8)
:{{DIcon|Create}} Create Furnishing
:;(Opens [[Creation]] menu)
:{{DIcon|Shop}} Realm Depot
:;(Opens [[Realm Depot]] shop)
:{{DIcon}} Tell me about yourself...
:;(Trust Ranks 1 to 3)
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship1 plumpy 02.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' When breaking new ground, laying foundations, and furnishing a home, it is best to select an auspicious day for the work at hand.
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship1 plumpy 03.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' I'll teach you more about this another day. There are many methods by which one might tell if a certain day bodes well or ill.
:;(Trust Ranks 4 to 6)
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship2 plumpy 02.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' This Realm Within has clear and sunny skies all year round. It's not that it can't reproduce the weather outside, I simply enjoy dozing off in the sun.
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship2 plumpy 03.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' The sunlight after lunch is so warm and comfortable.
:;(Trust Ranks 7 to 9)
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship3 plumpy 02.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' [[Mt. Tianheng|Tianheng]] Bohea, [[Sea of Clouds|Yunlai]] White Tea, [[Bishui Plain|Bishui]] Green Tea... I have them all, and each is a centuries-old treasure.
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship3 plumpy 03.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' Sometimes, [[Chubby]] will also give me some rare flower teas. You should be able to meet him come the weekend.
:;(Trust Rank 10)
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship4 plumpy 02.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' I do, in fact, have an [[adeptus]] name, it's just awfully difficult to remember... What was it again... Ah yes, "Rain Calmer."
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship4 plumpy 03.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' There was once a time of unending battle, when the land was swept by great storms, and neither the sun nor moon would shine.
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship4 plumpy 04.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' [[Madame Ping|Ping]] and our old friends longed for days of sunshine, and thus, they gave me this name.
::{{A|vo tips mimitomo friendship4 plumpy 05.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' That is why I always take on the color of the blue sky, no matter what form I take when presenting myself to others.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::{{A|Vo tips mimitomo bye plumpy 01.ogg}} '''Tubby:''' If you ever have any questions about The Realm Within, you may ask me.

;(In someone else's Serenitea Pot)
:'''Observe:''' (Guess this must be the teapot spirit...?)
:{{DIcon|Speedup}} Improve friendship to make creation quicker
:;(If creation in progress)
:::''Guest-assisted creation complete.''
:;(If all creations are already boosted)
:::''Support speed-up limit reached''
:;(If already boosted that day)
:::''No remaining support attempts''
:;(If no creation in progress)
:::''Not creating any furniture''
:{{DIcon}} Leave
{{Dialogue end}}

==Trivia==
* It is possible [[Ganyu]] has met Tubby before the creation of the [[Traveler|Traveler's]] [[Serenitea Pot]], as she refers to her as Rain Calmer during some of her dialogue, even if Tubby has not yet reached a rank where she has remembered her [[Adepti|Adeptus]] name.
* It is possible the "Golden-eyed Adeptus" that Tubby remembers meeting, mentioned in [[A Teapot to Call Home: Part II]], was [[Morax|Rex Lapis]], as he is known to have the same, golden-amber coloured eyes regardless of which vessel he takes.
* {{Character Furnishing Mentions}}

[[ja:マル/ストーリー]]