{{Terminology Infobox
|type = Lore
|type2 = Ancient Civilizations
|region = Sumeru
|image = Tulaytullah.png
|subregion = Great Red Sand
|area = Hypostyle Desert
}}
'''Tulaytullah''', the City of Sapphire, was an ancient city-state in the [[Hypostyle Desert]], [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]]. Its prominence in history began after the fall of [[King Deshret]]'s civilization, as the priest [[Hermanubis]] established the original [[Temple of Silence]] there and led it to become known as a city of wisdom. However, the subsequent war between [[Eremite]] tribes caused the members of the Temple of Silence to abandon Tulaytullah, and with their departure came the city's downfall.

It was located at what is now the [[Garden of Endless Pillars]].

==History==
According to [[Tulaytullah's Remembrance]], people believed that Tulaytullah arose from [[Nabu Malikata]]'s tears, and that Tulaytullah was home to the [[Tighnarian]]s. However, this account has dubious factuality; the Temple of Silence's recorded history on Hermanubis, a Tighnarian, establishes that he was a "warrior of Tighnar" who "emerged from the barren desert sands," and he much later traveled to the already-established Tulaytullah with his followers and some Tighnarian priests who then became known as the Tulaytullah Tighnarians.<ref name="Sage of Sages">{{Ref/Quest|Sage of Sages|note=cinematic}}</ref>

===After King Deshret's Death===
Thousands of years ago, [[forbidden knowledge]] was inadvertently introduced to his civilization, causing his people great suffering; [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] expended a great deal of her power to seal it away and when that proved insufficient, King Deshret ultimately sacrificed himself to save his people.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Secret of the Scorching Desert|note=cinematic}}</ref> His civilization subsequently fell and splintered into many smaller, human-led city-states.<ref name="Key">{{Ref/Weapon|Key of Khaj-Nisut}}</ref><ref name="Xiphos Moon">{{Ref/Weapon|Xiphos' Moonlight}}</ref> Among them was Tulaytullah, which became renowned as a city of wisdom<ref name="Xiphos Moon" /> after Hermanubis brought his followers and the other Tighnarian priests to the city and established the Temple of Silence. The Temple of Silence retained all the knowledge that survived the fall of King Deshret's civilization, while Hermanubis used his powers to keep the remnants of forbidden knowledge at bay.<ref name="Sage of Sages" />

Little more than a hundred years after Deshret's death, war engulfed the desert.<ref name="Sage of Sages" /> At some point, a man known as Shah Ramshahr built seven towers in seven areas, each with a "great sage," and the cities around them were known as the Cities of the Seven Towers. Tulaytullah, which was led by King Humayun during that time, was one of the seven cities.<ref name="Underground">Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)|Mausoleum of King Deshret, East (Underground)]]</ref> After Ramshahr's death, Humayun took Ramshahr's princess as his wife and became known as Humayun {{w|Gürkan|Gurkan}}. Some years later, however, Humayun himself was decapitated at the city of [[Saleh]] during an event known as the [[Jinn]] Uprising. Despite Humayun's death, the city was stable enough that a few years later, refugees from Garshāsp's unnamed capital city flocked to Tulaytullah after Garshāsp's death.<ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Mausoleum of King Deshret (Beneath)|Mausoleum of King Deshret (Beneath)]]</ref>

King [[Saleb Dowleh]], originally known as Goudarz, was somehow involved with Tulaytullah before his rise as king, although he later left the city to take up residence in Gurabad. Saleb Dowleh made an alliance with the port city of Orghana in [[Dharma Forest]] (now known as [[Port Ormos]]),<ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Mausoleum of King Deshret, East|Mausoleum of King Deshret, East]]</ref> although one of its Deys, [[Muzaffar]], would later turn his back on both sides, killing Saleb Dowleh and his entire bloodline and deciding to permanently reside in the desert instead of returning to Orghana.<ref name="Underground" />

===Downfall===
While no mention of Tulaytullah is made in relation to Muzaffar's successor, [[Zumurud]], the city is related to the downfall of Zumurud's successor, [[Badanah]]. By this point, Tulaytullah was ruled by an elite class of nobles and scholars. To keep Badanah's favor, these elites paid tribute to him in various ways, such as delivering [[Makhaira]] to him as a concubine.<ref name="Makhqua">{{Ref/Weapon|Makhaira Aquamarine}}</ref> Bearing a grudge against the obese, war-mongering tyrant for his ancestry &mdash; which had caused the destruction of her homeland and enslaved her ancestors, the Jinn<ref name="Remem">{{Ref/Weapon|Tulaytullah's Remembrance}}</ref> &mdash; Makhaira conspired with her lover [[Faramarz]], Badanah's son, to assassinate the vassal king. They successfully slew him and passed off his death as an unfortunate accident.<ref name="Makhqua" /><ref name="LotL">{{Ref/Arti|Lamp of the Lost}}</ref>

A power struggle ensued following Badanah's death, with Makhaira constantly switching allegiances and lovers as the queen regent. One of those lovers (her third known lover, after [[Xiphos]] and Faramarz) was Balash, Faramarz's uncle and the new master of Tulaytullah. He was presumably slain by Goraz, another one of Faramarz's uncles who then took Makhaira as his own wife; when Tulaytullah rebelled to avenge Balash, Makhaira appeased the rebels by giving them the slain Goraz's head. After being exiled and restored to power three times, with various conflicts and power struggles emerging each time, Faramarz finally grew weary of Makhaira's shifting loyalties and assassinated her with a viper's venom. However, a conspiracy between the slave-warriors and city dwellers led Faramarz to be ousted one final time, after which he was exiled to the rainforest.<ref name="LotL" /><ref name="VRI Khaj">Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Khaj-Nisut|Khaj-Nisut]]</ref><ref name="LotL" />

Meanwhile, Makhaira's first lover, Xiphos, was the prince of a fallen kingdom who had embarked on a journey to revive his kingdom using the [[Key of Khaj-Nisut]].<ref name="Key" /> Wielding [[Xiphos' Moonlight|a certain blade indwelt by a Jinni]], Xiphos became Tulaytullah's protector, famed as the Blade of Tulaytullah. However, his acclaim earned him enmity from both kings of other cities and the rulers of Tulaytullah themselves. Faramarz, following his final exile from the throne, became a mercenary and accepted blood money to kill Xiphos. The two did battle, with Faramarz emerging victorious and disappearing into the rainforest with the money he had earned. Without Xiphos' protection, Tulaytullah withered away.<ref name="Key" /><ref name="Xiphos Moon" /><ref name="Remem" />

====Temple of Silence====
In the Temple of Silence's history, a certain king of [[Gurabad]]<ref group="Note">The Vaguely-Readable Inscriptions mention Gurabad being conquered or abandoned three more times after King Deshret's death, which itself came after the original Gurabad's destruction at [[Liloupar]]'s hands.</ref> laid siege to Tulaytullah, to some success, and demanded that they give up the Temple of Silence to prove his victory. The ruling elite of Tulaytullah colluded with him in order to retain power, depicting the knowledge held by the Temple of Silence as the true cause of corruption and attempting to turn the people against it.<ref name="Sage of Sages" />

By this point, Hermanubis had expended his power trying to keep forbidden knowledge at bay. To save the Temple of Silence, he broke his being into many pieces and started a ritual which would bestow his power and knowledge onto his mortal followers. This allowed the Temple of Silence to defeat the invading army, but witnessing this strange power caused the other people of Tulaytullah to fear and shun them. No longer welcome in their own home, the members of the Temple of Silence and the Tulaytullah Tighnarians decided to leave the city for good, choosing to make a new life for themselves in the rainforest. Their departure spelled the city's doom, as its elite warriors were soon overrun and war broke out all over the desert.<ref name="Sage of Sages" />

Given the amount of gaps in the desert's recorded history, the relative placement of the Temple of Silence's history and the identity of the king of Gurabad is uncertain.<ref group="Note">There are some similarities between Badanah and the king of Gurabad (as conquerors who desired riches and loot) and the attitudes of Tulaytullah's ruling elites (paying tribute to Badanah, selling out the Temple of Silence to the king of Gurabad), but it cannot prove that the two known points in Tulaytullah's history overlapped.</ref>

===Legacy===
All that remains of Tulaytullah in the present is its garden, which is preserved in the Garden of Endless Pillars.<ref>{{Ref/Domain|Garden of Endless Pillars}}</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
*Tulaytullah is the Arabic name for {{w|Toledo}}, Spain, while it was part of {{w|al-Andalus}}.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

== Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Tulaytullah
|zhs     = 图莱杜拉
|zhs_rm  = Túláidùlā
|zht     = 圖萊杜拉
|zht_rm  = Túláidùlā
|ja      = トゥライトゥーラ
|ja_rm   = Turaituura
|ko      = 툴레이툴라
|es      = Tulaytulah
|fr      = Tulaytullah
|ru      = Тулайтулла
|th      = Tulaytullah
|vi      = Tulaytullah
|de      = Tulaytullah
|id      = Tulaytullah
|pt      = Tulaytullah
|tr      = Tulaytullah
|it      = Tulaytullah
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==See Also==
*[[Gurabad]]
*[[Port Ormos]] (Orghana)
*[[Saleh]]

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Civilization}}

[[vi:Tulaytullah]]