{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70030
|title         = Tuned to the World's Sounds
|image         = <!-- Event Quest Tuned to the World's Sounds.png -->
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|event_name    = Tuned to the World's Sounds
|requirement   = Complete {{Quest|Wishes (Quest)|showType=0}}
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[Tuned to the World's Sounds]] event
|rewards       = Adventurer's Experience*4;Mora*10,000
|characters    = Juza; Kaedehara Kazuha; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Tuned to the World's Sounds''''' is an Event Quest that unlocks the [[Tuned to the World's Sounds]] event.

==Steps==
# Go to the Liyue Harbor wharf and meet Chief Mate [[Juza]]
# Go to the northern section of Liyue Harbor and look for [[Kaedehara Kazuha|Kazuha]]
# Search for the Glaze Lilies required to repair the [[Ancient Zither]]
#* Give Kazuha {{Item|Glaze Lily|x = 3}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The [[Alcor]]'s Chief Mate [[Juza]] is looking for you at the Liyue Harbor wharf. Seems that he needs your help with something...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon approaching the quest area)
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 01.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Hey, hey, Traveler! Long time no see, you been keeping well?
:{{DIcon}} Have we met?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 02.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Oh, uh... So, you've completely forgotten who I am, huh?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 03.ogg}} '''Juza:''' I'm Juza, chief mate of The Alcor! You hitched a ride with us to [[Inazuma]], in case you'd forgotten.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo tips mug002 1 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nah, {{MC|he|she}}'s just kidding with you, Juza! Of course we remember you, hehe.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 04.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Ah... I was gonna say! This is The Alcor we're talking about here, and I'm the chief mate to boot...
:{{DIcon}} Yes, heh, so... you need a hand with anything?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 05.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Not me, actually. It's Kaedehara Kid, a temporary crew member of ours.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 06.ogg}} '''Juza:''' You know him, right? He came back with us on the return trip from Inazuma.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 07.ogg}} '''Juza:''' I don't know what's been going on with him, but he was in really high spirits the whole way back. He kept trying to get everyone to join him for some poetry and song.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 08.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Unfortunately, no one on board from [[Captain Beidou]] to [[Little Yue]] has that kind of um... Kind of, y'know, uh...
:{{DIcon}} Sophistication!
::{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 09a.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Sophistication! Yes! Not an ounce of the stuff between us.
:{{DIcon}} Quirkiness!
::{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 09b.ogg}} '''Juza:''' No, no! I mean sophistication! We don't have an ounce of the stuff between the whole crew.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 10.ogg}} '''Juza:''' So, once we got to Liyue, he disembarked and disappeared off into mother nature. I'm gonna say he probably couldn't bear being around a bunch of uncouth sailors a second longer.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 11.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Then, not long after that, we got a message from him telling us to keep an eye out for you.
:{{DIcon}} Is he in trouble?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 12.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Didn't give the specifics. He just said that if we saw you, we should tell you he wants to chat with you.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 13.ogg}} '''Juza:''' From the tone of the message, it didn't sound all that serious &mdash; but then again, who'd be asking for the likes of you unless it was some sort of major crisis?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, we deal with little things all the time, don't we, {{Traveler}}?
:{{DIcon}} Yep, feeding pigeons and whatnot.
:{{DIcon}} Yep, delivering food and so on.
:{{DIcon}} Yep, spring cleaning and the like.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 14.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Oh... Huh, never would've guessed. So you do everyone's odd jobs, too.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 15.ogg}} '''Juza:''' No wonder the captain's so fond of you. She's got a soft spot for the honest, hard-working folks of this world, you know?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 16.ogg}} '''Juza:''' Ahem! Getting sidetracked. Please go check up on Kaedehara Kid when you get the chance. Last I heard, he was hanging around the north of Liyue.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 1 juza 17.ogg}} '''Juza:''' I've got some things to do on the boat &mdash; see you 'round, and safe travels!
----

;(Approach Kazuha)
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' While the bridge slowly withers, the strings gently whisper / A twilight melody from the solitary zither...
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, hey! Kaedehara Kid! So what are you up to here? We've come to help!
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You made it. Good to see you again.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This appellation, "Kaedehara Kid"... When uttered by Paimon, it takes on a whole new tone.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, Paimon learned it from Chief Mate Juza.
:{{DIcon}} You seem to be enjoying yourself.
:{{DIcon}} You seem rather relaxed.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Haha, what makes you say that? Do I usually mope around as if perpetually hounded by adverse fate?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's 'cause Juza said that you needed us for something! We didn't expect to find you admiring the scenery and reciting poetry without a care in the whole world!
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The events of Inazuma are behind me, and no longer linger on my mind. Now, I return to Liyue. It is the natural time to explore all the verses and melodies that arise from this land.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' As to the matter requiring your assistance &mdash; there was none to begin with. Unfortunately, you are too late for that, because now, there is.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? That was really confusing... There was none to begin with, but somehow now there still is...? What!?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Have you been eating those wild plants that you're not supposed to? 'Cause you're talking total baloney!
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Shh... Listen.
:{{Black Screen|''Kazuha runs his fingers over the zither's strings lightly.''}}
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' What do you think?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... Well, Paimon thinks you play just like another bard we know, who plays for loose change.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh, you're friends with a professional bard? I hope I have the chance to meet them some day. Traveler, what do you think?
:{{DIcon}} I think your instrument is broken.
:{{DIcon}} That instrument looks quite valuable.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Very good, you're right. More to the point, however, it has a certain special ability.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I acquired this anonymous Ancient Zither from an abandoned cave dwelling as I was exploring the mountains.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' When I first found it, it was old, but intact. The sight of it inspired me, and suddenly, I found myself strumming.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' To my surprise, as soon as the melody began, my mind began to drift, and I could hear the sound of someone playing along with me... somehow, it all felt so familiar...
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just to circle back for a second &mdash; are you sure you haven't been eating anything suspicious? That makes you see things that aren't there?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 14.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I don't believe so, because when the melody ended, my mind became completely clear again. That's when I finally started to inspect my surroundings properly: As expected, it was a place full of mystery.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 15.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The cave was overrun with weeds, so I imagine the owner left a long time ago. But the table and chair were spotless, and gave off a fine and delicate fragrance.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 16.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Even the ever-present sound of the wind fell silent in that place. It was quite miraculous. I can only assume that it must have been the treasure trove of a fabled Liyue adeptus.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa! So this instrument is an adeptus's treasure!?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 17.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Haha, who can say? Regardless, it was a wondrous experience, and after it was over, I thought to myself &mdash; I simply must share this with a friend.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 18.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But in Liyue, besides Captain Beidou, you are the only friend I have.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 19.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I doubt this would interest Beidou in the least, so I decided to invite you to share this experience.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 20.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I asked Chief Mate Juza to be on the lookout for you. But unfortunately, the Ancient Zither broke before you arrived.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 21.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' The fault is my own. I've been taking it everywhere with me, and playing it too often.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh... So even adepti treasures break in the end?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 22.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If Eternity lies out of reach even for the mighty Electro Archon herself... then it is all the more elusive for everything else.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh, well... P&mdash;Please be super-duper careful with our Serenitea Pot, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 23.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Luckily, in this case, the breakage is fixable. It is more akin to hibernation than anything else &mdash; the energy within the instrument has dissipated with the passage of time.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 24.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' All we need to do is find the right material, and we can awaken it once again.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 25.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' If I heard correctly, the material in question should be... the Glaze Lily.
:{{DIcon}} Where did you hear that?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 26.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' As I've mentioned before, the wind carries with it the whispers of everything that resides in the world, and I am attuned to some of what they say.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 27.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' So, I am privy to a few fragments of this Ancient Zither's history.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 28.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Go on. I'll wait here for you.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 2 kazuha 29.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You are the savior of Liyue Harbor. I'm sure this should be well within your ability to handle?
----

;(Talk to Kazuha)
:{{A|vo tips mug002 3 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' You've returned, even before the wind could bring tidings of your progress. This is quite astonishing... How did you achieve it?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 3 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo tips mug002 3 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, maybe {{MC|he|she}}'s got a few more tricks up {{MC|his|her|mc=1}} sleeve than you thought!
:{{DIcon}} Ahem. Will these be enough?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 3 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Let me see.
:;(Opens item submission menu)
:{{A|vo tips mug002 4 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Good, these are fine specimens. They will be plenty. If we extract the juices and apply them to the body of the instrument, it should awaken from its present slumber.
:{{Black Screen|''Kazuha uses the Glaze Lilies to repair the Ancient Zither.''}}
:{{A|vo tips mug002 4 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yes, there it is, that familiar feeling. It's awoken.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 4 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Come, try it for yourself, {{Traveler}}. It's all yours.
:{{DIcon}} When you say "it's all yours"...?
:{{A|vo tips mug002 4 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Haha, can a poet not be forthright in expression? Then, let me rephrase. This instrument is my gift unto you.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 4 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I came back to Liyue to listen to what this region of the world has to say. In these vast and ancient lands watched over by the Geo Archon, there are countless soft voices to be heard... This gives me all the satisfaction I desire.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 4 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Of course, should there come a day when you wish to part with this instrument, I will come to collect it. But... I hope that day will never come.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 4 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Well, my onward journey beckons. What is the customary Liyue saying at moments like this? Ah, yes.
:{{A|vo tips mug002 4 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' "We will meet again," {{Traveler}}.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*Upon first meeting with Kazuha, he recites the following poem, imitating the poetic style of the ''{{w|Classic of Poetry}}'' which follows the 4-character structure:
{| class="article-table" border=1
!English
!Chinese
!Japanese
!Korean
|-
|While the bridge slowly withers,<br>the strings gently whisper<br>A twilight melody from the solitary zither...
|{{zh|琴音嘒嘒，<br>琴枕槁槁，<br>独弦系世，<br>独木终老…|rm=Qín yīn huìhuì,<br>Qín zhěn gǎogǎo,<br>Dú xián xìshì,<br>Dú mù zhōnglǎo...|vertical=1}}
|{{ja|琴の音はしんと響き、<br>龍角は枯れゆく、<br>弦のみが世を繋ぎ、<br>ただ独り老いゆく…|rm=Koto no oto wa shinto hibiki,<br>Ryuu-kaku wa kare yuku,<br>Gen nomi ga yo wo tsunagi,<br>Tada hitori oi yuku...|vertical=1}}
|{{ko|현은 맑게 울리고 그 밑에 안족은 시들었네,<br>현을 지탱하느라 홀로 쓸쓸히 이우는구나…|rm=Hyeon-eun mal-ge ulligo geu mit-e anjog-eun sideureonne,<br>Hyeon-eul jitaenghaneura hollo sseulsseulhi iuneun'guna...|vertical=1}}
|}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Tuned to the World's Sounds}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[pt-br:Escutando os Sons do Mundo (Missão)]]
[[ru:Слушая звуки мира (задание)]]