{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01024
|image         = Archon Quest C1A3 Turning Point.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = III
|act           = A New Star Approaches
|part          = 5
|startLocation = [[Jade Chamber]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|prev          = Heart of Glaze
|next          = The Fond Farewell
|domain        = Jade Chamber (Domain)
|exp           = 800
|mora          = 38,100
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Monolith Fragment|1}}{{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|7}}
|characters    = Changchang;Cloud Retainer;Fengyan;Ganyu;Keqing;Madame Ping;Moon Carver;Mountain Shaper;Ningguang;Osial;Paimon;Traveler;Xiao
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|3|part=5}}

==Steps==
#Repel [[Osial|the ancient god]] together
#Protect the [[Guizhong Ballista]]
#*East Guizhong Ballista
#*North Guizhong Ballista
#*West Guizhong Ballista
#*This step lasts for 6 minutes and 40 seconds.
#*[[Xiao]], [[Ganyu]] and [[Madame Ping]] will provide buffs after Osial's first attack, increasing the player's speed, survivability and applying a powerful burst AoE attack respectively.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Derailed]]''.
* Protect the Guizhong Ballista (Osial) challenge:
** If any of the Ballistas are destroyed by the Fatui, the challenge will fail. The challenge will complete itself if the timer runs out. If the player fails, [[Bu'yun]] can be found at Yiyan Temple who will send them back up to the Jade Palace to attempt the trial again.
** Although [[Fatui Agents]] appear in the cutscenes, they are not encountered at all while protecting the ballista.
** While Osial itself is not directly fought as a boss during Turning Point, it can still directly attack the player character with its Hydro attacks. It will perform the following attacks:
*** At some time, Osial will channel its divine power, hurling a powerful Hydro energy in the whole area, causing the active character to lose '''50%''' of their Max [[HP]].
*** Osial can rain down Hydro energy, dealing '''100%''' of Osial's ATK as {{Color|AoE Hydro DMG}}. Circular indicators will appear on the ground as a warning to get out of its reach.
** The active character will gain the following buffs over the course of the fight as the Traveler is infused with adeptal energy:
*** '''[[Madame Ping]]:''' Attacks dealt will release powerful shockwaves, causing enemies hit to lose '''45%''' of their Max HP.
*** '''[[Ganyu]]:'''
**** Gain '''100%''' [[Interruption Resistance]].
**** Gain '''50%''' [[DMG Reduction]].
**** Receive [[healing]] equal to '''5%''' of Max HP every 2 seconds.
**** HP Loss inflicted by Osial's large area attack reduced by '''80%'''.
*** '''[[Xiao]]:'''
**** Gain '''30%''' [[Movement Speed]].
**** [[Stamina]] consumption is reduced by '''90%'''.
*** Afterwards, all adeptal energies will be combined at once.

;Osial's Stats<!--
-->{{Enemy Stats
|atk_ratio = 8
|hide_def  = 1
|hide_hp   = 1
|hide_notes = 1
|hide_res  = 1
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The adepti faced off against the [[Liyue Qixing|Qixing]] outside the city. Just as things were coming to a head, you went to the [[Golden House]] to intercept [[Childe]] as he attempted to seize the [[Gnosis]], only to find yet another twist: The Gnosis was never at the Golden House to begin with. Childe swiftly switched to his backup plan, attempting to force the Geo Archon to make an appearance by summoning an ancient god with Fatui-forged Sigils of Permission...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Continued from [[Heart of Glaze]])
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *panting* Paimon's exhausted...
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we hadn't happened to see the Jade Chamber flying over just as we came out of the Golden House, we really wouldn't have known which way to go...
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, did we make it in time? Is the Overlord of the Vortex still in the sea? It hasn't destroyed Liyue yet, has it?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' What... are you doing here?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Hold on! It's the adepti! What are you doing on the Jade Chamber? Paimon thought you were arguing with the Qixing... Is the fighting over?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Faced with such a calamity of such magnitude, we have agreed to put our differences aside for now and unit against this common enemy.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 mooncarver 01.ogg}} '''Moon Carver:''' Hmph!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon gets it... So, how do you plan to defend Liyue?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... just seeing this Overlord of the Vortex guy puts a pit in Paimon's tummy, even from all the way out here.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 keqing 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' It's not just you. We've got new Millelith recruits who can't even stand at attention without shaking. The force of an ancient god's presence seems to be too much for ordinary people to handle.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 keqing 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' ...Which is why we must stop that monster before it gets any closer to Liyue Harbor!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the Archon War was fought two thousand years ago against enemies like that thing? Now that's scary...
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So will the power of the Qixing, Millelith, and Adepti gathered here be enough to stop that god?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 ningguang 02.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' We've already discussed this together, and our conclusion is... not necessarily.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!? But all of you are supposed to be the guardians of Liyue. Can't you think of something?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 cloudretainer 01.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' One certainly could.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eh?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 cloudretainer 02.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' The Qixing did once research the matter of the Guizhong Ballista when it piqued their fancy.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 cloudretainer 03.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' And as fate would have it, one, who did craft the Guizhong Ballista with one's own hands, is here...
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 cloudretainer 04.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' For what could you mortals ever learn of adepti mechanisms? Yet it would take one but a little tinkering to turn this ballista into an engine of war beyond your wildest thoughts.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 ningguang 03.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Heh, I suppose this is one blessing from the adepti that we should be thankful for.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 ningguang 04.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' So be it. We shall use the upgraded Guizhong Ballista to fight off that god. All the adepti here can lend their strength to man it.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 2 ningguang 05.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' We haven't a moment to spare. Our battle begins now!
----
;(A cinematic begins)
{{Cutscene Description|Faced with the terrifying might of the Overlord of the Vortex, you fight bitterly but are unable to protect the Guizhong Ballistas. The overlord of the Vortex, however, is also badly wounded. To protect Liyue, Ningguang sacrifices the Jade Chamber, plunging it into the ocean and successfully suppressing the evil god.}}
:; (Ningguang summons a platform and three Guizhong Ballistas)
:; (Cloud Retainer, Moon Carver, and Mountain Shaper each man one Ballista and attack Osial)
:'''Paimon:''' The Fatui!
:'''Paimon:''' They're attacking the Guizhong Ballista!
----
;(After cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 millelithsoldier 01.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' The three adepti are manning the Guizhong Ballistas. Do not let the Fatui disturb their work!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 keqing 01.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' All able Millelith, with me!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go help too!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 cloudretainer 01.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' We adepti have not faced a god in several millenia.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 cloudretainer 02.ogg}} '''Cloud Retainer:''' Hmph. Let one see what you are made of then. What strength remains within you, one wishes to witness!
;(Osial begins to attack)
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is that!?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' That is Osial's divine power. I am... very familiar with it.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Be careful not to get hit.
;(More Fatui appear)
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 millelithsoldier 02.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' The Fatui... their attacks are unrelenting!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 ningguang 01.ogg}} '''Ningguang:''' Ha. How daring. Snezhnaya's diplomats will answer for this afterward. Every last one.
;(Osial attacks again)
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The ancient god's attacking again!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are so many Fatui, too! We can't hold&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 madameping 01.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Hahaha, were you about to say, "we can't hold them," children?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 madameping 02.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Don't lose heart. Here, take this.
::Thanks to Madame Ping's adeptal energies, {{color|bz|your attacks against the enemy will release intermittent shockwaves}}!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is... adeptal energy!?
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler), that light from your body... It's like that time in Jueyun Karst...
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, it's Madame Ping's Shockwave! This granny's really strong!
<!-- After some time? -->
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 ganyu 01.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' With the blood of the Qilin, I guard you against evil.
::Ganyu's adeptal power has {{color|bz|boosted your survival capability}}!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 ganyu 02.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Cast your fear of injury by the wayside and fight with all your might. I too did this during the Archon War.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... So this is what Ganyu's like in a fight...
<!-- After some time? -->
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' My name means "swiftness."
::Imbued with Xiao's powers of swiftness, your {{color|bz|Movement Speed is greatly increased}}!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Take my power, and run as I do.
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're&mdash; going&mdash; too&mdash; faaaaast&mdash;!
<!-- After some time? -->
::By their blessings combined, {{color|bz|you wield all three powers at once}}!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 madameping 03.ogg}} '''Madame Ping:''' Child, you are strong in body and spirit. Perhaps you can withstand three forms of adeptal energy at once...
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 ganyu 04.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' This will hurt a little... Please bear with us!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Once you've adapted, try to use them in battle.
<!-- After some time? -->
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 ganyu 03.ogg}} '''Ganyu:''' Exercise caution! I fear that the god's power has reached its peak...
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 keqing 02.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' In other words, if we hold here, there's nothing worse to come, right?
<!-- After some time? -->
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 keqing 03.ogg}} '''Keqing:''' The Fatui's numbers are thinning!
:{{A|vo lyaq205 4 millelithsoldier 03.ogg}} '''Millelith Soldier:''' Fight on, comrades! Once we've finished this lot off, the adepti will be able to deal with the god in peace!
----
;(A cinematic begins)
:'''Moon Carver:''' The interlopers are no more
:'''Moon Carver:''' Now we may commit ourselves fully!
:; (The three Ballistas attack Osial together)
:'''Paimon:''' Ah! It's working!
:'''Paimon:''' We just need to keep this up!
:; (Osial launches more attacks, breaking the Ballistas and shattering the platform)
:; (The adepti catch those who fall and return to the Jade Chamber landing)
:'''Xiao:''' Be careful now
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' The Guizhong Ballista is destroyed...
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' Without its covering fire, retaliation shall be difficult
:'''Ganyu:''' But the Jade Chamber is our last line of defense!
:'''Ganyu:''' We can't give another inch... no matter what...
:'''Ningguang:''' I have... another idea
:'''Ganyu:''' What do you mean, Lady Ningguang?
:'''Ningguang:''' I'll sacrifice the Jade Chamber
:'''Cloud Retainer:''' What is the meaning of this?
:'''Xiao:''' ...I understand
:'''Ningguang:''' Traveler, lend me a hand
:'''Ningguang:''' Farewell, old friend...
:'''Ningguang:''' ...Goodbye for now
:'''Ningguang:''' Let us meet again in the future
:; (The Traveler plunges a sword into the Jade Chamber and it plummets into Osial)
----

{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Turning Point
|zhs     = 回天
|zhs_rm  = Huí Tiān
|zht     = 回天
|zht_rm  = Huí Tiān
|zh_tl   = Changing the World
|ja      = 回天
|ja_rm   = Kaiten
|ja_tl   = Changing the World
|ko      = 만회
|ko_rm   = Manhoe
|ko_tl   = Recover
|es      = Giro inesperado
|es_tl   = Unexpected Turn
|fr      = Tournant
|fr_tl   = Turning Point
|ru      = Поворотный момент
|ru_tl   = Turning Point
|th      = กลับสู่สวรรค์
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Return to Heaven
|vi      = Về Trời
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wendepunkt
|de_tl   = Turning Point
|id      = Titik Balik
|id_tl   = Turning Point
|pt      = Momento Decisivo
|pt_tl   = Decisive Moment
|tr      = Dönüm Noktası
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Punto di svolta
|it_tl   = Turning Point
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:Giro inesperado]]
[[ja:回天]]
[[pt-br:Momento Decisivo]]
[[ru:Поворотный момент]]