{{Terminology Infobox
|type      = Lore
|type2     = Natlan Culture
|image     = 
|caption   = 
}}
'''Turnfire''', also known as '''Malipo''', is a type of fire that appeared during the era of the [[Grand Alliance]]. It was used as a weapon to oppress and kill people, and to destroy cities.

People inflicted by Turnfire would feel a horrible burning pain from behind them. If they turned back, they would get burned alive to a crisp.<ref name="a-mysterious-visitor">{{Ref/Quest|A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan}}</ref>

==Story==
Turnfire first appeared in the era of the Grand Alliance. It was used by the tyrant [[Och-Kan]] to rule over [[Natlan]] and oppress anyone who opposed him.<ref name="a-mysterious-visitor"></ref>

[[Yupanqui]], who used to be friends with Och-Kan, turned his back on him because of his tyranny. Yupanqui stole the Turnfire and threw it at Och-Kan's army. The soldiers could not defend against it, and they would all be turned to ash along with the city. Although Och-Kan was not here, thinking he heard Och-kan's voice, Yupanqui took a glance back, causing him to be consumed by Turnfire, his body would burn for a hundred days and eventually pierced a hole right through the [[Ley Lines]], falling in the [[Night Kingdom]].

According to legend, Turnfire is still burning in the Night Kingdom to this day. The [[Scions of the Canopy]] celebrate the Turnfire Night to commemorate their ancestors. "Malipo" has since become an [[Ancient Name]], with two of its bearers being [[Burkina]] and [[Kinich]].

In the present day, the [[Abyss Lector: Fathomless Flames|Abyss Lector]] [[The Thing Calling Itself "Enjou"|Enjou]] is attempting to learn about Turnfire.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* "Malipo" means "payment" in Swahili.

== Other Languages ==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Turnfire
|zhs      = 回火
|zhs_rm   = Huíhuǒ
|zht      = 回火
|zht_rm   = Huíhuǒ
|zh_tl    = Turning Fire
|ja       = 廻焔
|ja_rm    = Kaien
|ja_tl    = Turning Flame
|ko       = 회고<->의 불
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Fuego Reminiscente
|es_tl    = Reminiscent Fire
|fr       = Mnémofeu
|fr_tl    = Mnemofire
|ru       = Пламя поворота
|ru_tl    = Turn Flame
|th       = เพลิงหวน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = {{tt|Hồi Hỏa|回火}}
|vi_tl    = Turning Fire{{Sino|vi}}
|de       = Wendefeuer
|de_tl    = Turnfire
|id       = Api Berpaling
|id_tl    = Turning Fire
|pt       = Têmpera
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bedel Ateşi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Voltafuoco
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[vi:Hồi Hỏa]]