{{Event
|name              = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2021-11-24
|image             = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2021-11-24.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-11-24 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-12-13 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/17329
}}
Dear Travelers,<br>The Genshin Impact [[Version 2.3]] "Shadows Amidst Snowstorms" update is here. The Genshin Impact Streamer Recruitment Event on Twitch has also started. Live stream your content, complete missions and earn Primogems!

Registration Period: November 24 – November 27

Event Duration: November 24 – December 13

==Event Content: Main Mission==
For streamers with 500 followers or less:<br>During the event, stream at least a total of 15 hours in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch to obtain a reward of 500 Primogems (limited to 1,800 streamers)<br>For every 50 new followers who join during the event, streamers will receive an additional reward of 100 Primogems up to a maximum of 200 Primogems (limited to 180 streamers).

For streamers with 500–3,000 followers:<br>During the event, stream at least a total of 15 hours in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch to obtain a reward of 500 Primogems (limited to 2,000 streamers)<br>For every 100 new followers who join during the event, streamers will receive an additional reward of 100 Primogems up to a maximum of 400 Primogems (limited to 200 streamers).

For streamers with more than 3,000 followers:<br>During the event, stream at least a total of 15 hours in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch to obtain a reward of 500 Primogems (limited to 200 streamers)<br>For every 200 new followers who join during the event, streamers will receive an additional reward of 100 Primogems up to a maximum of 400 Primogems (limited to 20 streamers).

==Event Content: Challenges==
During the event, players who complete the challenge of defeating the Golden Wolflord with only the Traveler in their party in the quickest time will be able to obtain an additional 800 Primogems. The entire challenge must be streamed and saved as a highlight clip. Limited to 200 streamers.

==Event Guidelines==
# Rewards for all categories are limited. If the number of eligible streamers exceeds the established reward quota, the streamers with the highest number of views will be awarded first.
# Each mission corresponds to an individual reward of Primogems. Complete the corresponding missions during the streaming event to obtain the corresponding rewards.
# Each streamer can only receive one reward per mission. Once the organizers confirm that the mission is complete, the reward will be sent via an in-game mail to the UID provided by the streamer.

Streamers who are interested in signing up for the event can visit the link below and fill in the necessary information~ (Don't worry, the personal information collected will only be used for contact and reward distribution purposes for this event)

https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20211124twitch/index.html?activity_no=2654cdd00ecd4ad6&game_biz=hk6e_global&utm_source=officialweb&utm_medium=news

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

[[pt-br:Evento de Transmissão na Twitch/24-11-2021]]