{{Event
|name              = Genshin Impact Creator Program on Twitch Version 3.0 "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings"
|image             = Genshin Impact Creator Program on Twitch Version 3.0 The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-08-24 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-09-19 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/7064688
}}
'''Genshin Impact Creator Program on Twitch Version 3.0 "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings"''' is an [[Event]] in [[Version 3.0]].

Genshin Impact Creator Program on Twitch Version 3.0 "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings"

Dear Traveler,<br />
While the Genshin Impact Version 3.0 "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings" update is coming soon, the Genshin Impact Streamer Recruitment Event on Twitch has already begun. Live stream your content, complete missions and earn Primogems!

==Event Timeline==
* Registration Period: August 19, 19:00:00 – August 26, 15:00:00 (UTC+8)
* Streaming Period: August 24, after the version update – September 19, 23:59:59 (UTC+8)
* Note: Participants who successfully register before August 24 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will be able to start streaming after the Version 3.0 update. Participants who register after August 24 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will need to wait until August 27 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) to start streaming.<br />
Reward Calculation: September 20 – October 5
* Rewards will be delivered to valid participants' accounts no later than 30 business days after the reward calculation period has concluded.
* Email Notification: Successful participants will receive an email with event details on August 27 and an email notifying them that the event ends on September 22. Please pay attention to these messages.

==Twitch Drops==
Rewards can only be collected after linking a HoYoverse account with a Twitch account and watching a certain number of hours of eligible Genshin Impact streams. Enable Twitch Drop and consecutively watch 15/30/60/90/120 minutes of streams to get the following rewards: Mora ×20,000/Sanctifying Unction ×4/Mystic Enhancement Ore ×5/Hero's Wit ×3/Primogems ×30. Each type of reward is limited to 300,000 in quantity.
* Note: Twitch Drops is separate from the Twitch Streamer Recruitment Event and thus Drops rewards can be claimed immediately after achieving the listed criteria from the [Registration] website.
* More information about Twitch Drops: https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/mission-based-drops

==Event Details==
# Participants who meet the following conditions will be able to obtain the corresponding rewards:
## Sign up for the Version 3.0 Creator Program
## Link an Email to a HoYoverse account
## This event is open to Genshin Impact accounts registered on the following four servers: America, Europe, Asia, and (TW, HK, MO).
## During the event, stream in the Genshin Impact Category on Twitch for a total duration of 6 hours or more:
# Participants who successfully register before August 24 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will be able to start streaming after the Version 3.0 update. Users who register after August 24 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will need to wait until after August 27 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) to start streaming.
# Primogem rewards will be delivered to valid participants' accounts no later than 30 business days after the event has concluded.
# Any form of cheating or negligence within the community, event, or platform will not be tolerated and can result in indefinite suspension from future or related events.
## Example of cheating: Streamer A logs into Genshin Impact and is AFK for 24 hours.
## Example of negligence: Streaming games/content that are not related to Genshin Impact in the Genshin Impact category in an attempt to get Primogems.

[https://hoyo.link/4afjnBA6 ->Register Now<-]

==Rules==
# Registration in this version of the event is required in order to participate in the event.
## Each registration is independent and applies only to the event of a specific version. Registrations made for a previous version cannot be used for the event of the next version.
## HoYoverse accounts must be linked to an email for contact purposes.
## Participants are responsible for ensuring the accuracy and validity of their information. The Genshin Impact team will not be responsible for any mistakes and related disputes arising from participants.
# The Genshin Impact team reserves the right to determine the eligibility of participants before, during, and after the event.
## Rewards will not be awarded if the event registration is not completed.
## Those who do not meet the minimum requirements will not be eligible for rewards.
## Participants suspected of unfair advantage or engaging in forms of abuse will be immediately disqualified.
## This event is open to Genshin Impact accounts registered on the following four servers: America, Europe, Asia, and (TW, HK, MO).
# The Genshin Impact team is responsible for determining participants' eligibility in receiving prizes.
## Submission of multimedia files/videos will not be required after the event concludes.
# By participating in this event and submitting information, participants agree to official access and disclosure of participant information for the purpose of administration and prize distribution.
## By participating in this event, you agree to the Privacy Policies of Genshin Impact (https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/privacy) (https://hoyo.link/021pnJA6) and Twitch (https://www.twitch.tv/p/en/legal/privacy-notice).

==Event Rewards==
*Twitch Streamer Recruitment Events Rewards will be delivered no later than 30 business days after the event has concluded.

{|
!colspan=3|Streaming Duration Milestones (Cumulative)
|-
!Event Requirements
!Rewards
!Cumulative Rewards
|-
|Reach 6 hours
|Reach 9 hours
|Reach 12 hours
|-
|Primogems ×200
|Primogems ×250
|Primogems ×350
|-
|Primogems ×200
|Primogems ×450
|Primogems ×800
|}

Note: "6 hours" is defined as streaming at least 6 hours in Twitch's Genshin Impact category throughout the event.<br />
For further clarification: Reaching 6 hours equates to Primogems ×200. Reaching 9 hours equates to Primogems ×450. Reaching 12 hours equates to Primogems ×800.<br />
"Streaming Duration Challenge" rewards can be obtained together with "Advanced Ranking Rewards."<br />
The reward is limited to 15,000 sets for 6 hours of live streaming, 12,000 sets for 9 hours of live streaming, and 10,000 copies for 12 hours of live streaming.
*If the number of rewards reaches its limit, winners will be selected based on the average number of concurrent viewers.

{|class="article-table"
!colspan=3|-Advanced Ranking Rewards (Not Cumulative)-
|-
!Rank
!Primogem Rewards
!Twitch Gift Subs
|-
!colspan=3|Outstanding Community Contributor - Average Concurrent Viewers (CCV)
|-
|Top 1
|Primogem ×5,000
|20,000 USD
|-
|Top 2
|Primogem ×5,000
|15,000 USD
|-
|Top 3
|Primogem ×5,000
|10,000 USD
|-
|Top 4
|Primogem ×5,000
|8,000 USD
|-
|Top 5
|Primogem ×5,000
|5,000 USD
|-
|Top 6-20
|Primogem ×3,200
|1,500 USD
|-
|Top 21-50
|Primogem ×1,600
|1,000 USD
|-
|Top 51-100
|Primogem ×1,200
|500 USD
|-
|Top 101-200
|Primogem ×800
| -
|-
|Top 201-500
|Primogem ×600
| -
|-
!colspan=3|Popular Streamers List - Top Live View Count
|-
|Top 1-5
|Primogem ×4,000
|1,000 USD
|-
|Top 6-30
|Primogem ×2,400
|800 USD
|-
|Top 31-60
|Primogem ×1,200
|500 USD
|-
|Top 61-100
|Primogem ×800
| -
|-
!colspan=3|Most Hours Watched List - Total Hours Watched
|-
|Top 1-5
|Primogem ×4,000
|1,000 USD
|-
|Top 6-30
|Primogem ×2,400
|800 USD
|-
|Top 31-50
|Primogem ×1,200
|500 USD
|-
|Top 61-100
|Primogem ×800
|}

* Each participant can only get one prize under the "Advanced Ranking Rewards." *Once the participant has received the "Outstanding Community Contributor" rewards, they can no longer receive the "Popular Streamers List" or "Most Hours Watched List" rewards. This rule also applies to other rewards.
* To be eligible for "Advanced Ranking Rewards," you must have at least 12 valid stream hours during the event.
* Valid Stream Hours: Refers to the hours streamed on Twitch in the Genshin Impact category during the event. Content streamed outside of this category will not be counted.<br />
* Note: Channel's Rank performance will be measured within the event's duration.<br />
* Note: Concurrent Viewers "CCV" is defined as Concurrent Viewership throughout the event.
* Gift Subs will be sent as subscriptions of equivalent value on Twitch or via Paypal transfer as an alternative.

==Event FAQ==
Q1: Is registration required to participate?<br />
A1: Yes. Registration is required.

Q2: What are the minimum requirements to receive rewards?<br />
A2: Register for the Version 3.0 Streamer Recruitment Event.<br />
The participant's HoYoverse account must be linked to an email for contact purposes.<br />
This event is open to Genshin Impact UID accounts registered on the following four servers: America, Europe, Asia, and (TW, HK, MO).<br />
During the event, stream in the Genshin Impact Category on Twitch for a total duration of 6 hours or more.

Q3: I only streamed 7 valid hours during the event period, am I eligible for "Advanced Ranking Rewards"?<br />
A3: No. To be eligible for "Advanced Ranking Rewards," you must have at least 12 valid stream hours during the event.

Q4: How do I link an email address with my HoYoverse account?<br />
A4: Go to https://account.hoyoverse.com and log into your HoYoverse account. Confirm and verify your email address in the "Account Security Settings" submenu.

Q5: Will multimedia files/video submissions be required after the event ends?<br />
A5: No. Multimedia files/video submissions are not required.

Q6: Can I stream immediately after registration?<br />
A6: Participants who successfully register before August 24 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will be able to start streaming after the Version 3.0 update. Users who register after August 24 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will need to wait until after August 27 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) to start streaming.
*If participants start streaming before the specified time, the stream data will not be counted.

Q7: When will Primogem rewards from the Version 3.0 Twitch Streamer Recruitment be delivered?<br />
A7: Primogem rewards will be delivered within 30 business days after the Reward Calculation period.

Q8: Am I restricted to streaming only Genshin Impact?<br />
A8: No, there are no restrictions on posting other content. However, only streaming Genshin Impact content in the Genshin Impact category allows you to be eligible for the event participation requirements.

Q9: Is a microphone or webcam required to participate?<br />
A9: No, these are not required.

Q10: I changed my Twitch username during the event. Will this affect my eligibility?<br />
A10: No. Your eligibility will not be affected.

Q11: How will I be contacted?<br />
A11: You will be contacted via the e-mail address indicated during your registration. We recommend that you check that your inbox allows you to receive emails from @hoyoverse to prevent messages from appearing in your junk mail.

Q12: Why haven't I received any emails related to the event?<br />
A12: (a) Please make sure your email address is linked to your HoYoverse account.<br />
(b) Make sure you have not unsubscribed from official Genshin Impact emails. If you have unsubscribed, please contact Customer Service.<br />
(c) Check that the e-mails have not arrived in your spam or junk mail.<br />
(d) Ensure that the email address you use is the one linked to your HoYoverse account.

Q13: Is there a quick guide to streaming on Twitch?<br />
A13: Yes. Please refer to this website: https://www.twitch.tv/creatorcamp/en/setting-up-your-stream/quick-start-guide-to-streaming-on-twitch/

Q14: How do I choose the Genshin Impact category on Twitch for my stream?<br />
A14: PC - Once logged into your account, go to the "Creator Dashboard" by clicking on your profile picture. Then select "Stream Manager." On the right, you will find the "Quick Actions" tab where you can select "Edit Stream Info." A window will open where you can make the necessary changes to your stream. Select "Genshin Impact" in the "Category" section and click "Done" to save!

Link: https://dashboard.twitch.tv/stream-manager<br />
More information: https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/creator-dashboard

Mobile: Through the Twitch App, select the "Stream Games" button, then search and select the Game title "Genshin Impact." Next, complete the settings for your live stream

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Genshin Impact Creator Program on Twitch Version 3.0 "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings"
|zhs     = 《原神》Twitch创作者成长营3.0版本「千朵玫瑰带来的黎明」
|zhs_rm  = "Yuánshén" Twitch Chuàngzuò-zhě Chéngzhǎng-yíng 3.0 Bǎnběn "Qiān Duǒ Méiguī Dàilái de Límíng"
|zht     = 《原神》Twitch創作者成長營3.0版本「千朵玫瑰帶來的黎明」
|zht_rm  = "Yuánshén" Twitch Chuàngzuò-zhě Chéngzhǎng-yíng 3.0 Bǎnběn "Qiān Duǒ Méiguī Dàilái de Límíng"
|zh_tl   = 
|ko      = <원신> Twitch 파트너 프로그램 3.0 버전 「여명을 밝히는 천 송이 장미」
|ko_rm   = "Wonsin" Teuwichi Pateuneo Peurogeuraem Sam.Yeong Beojeon "Yeomyeong-eul Balkineun Cheon Song'i Jangmi"
|ko_tl   = "Genshin" Twitch Partner Program 3.0 Version "The Thousand Roses Brighten Dawn"
|es      = Programa de creadores en Twitch de la versión 3.0 de Genshin Impact «El alba de las mil rosas»
|es_tl   = Twitch Creators Program for Genshin Impact 3.0 "The Dawn of the Thousand Roses"
|fr      = Genshin Impact - Programme de partenariat sur Twitch de la version 3.0 « L'aube accordant mille roses »
|fr_tl   = Genshin Impact - Partnership Program of Version 3.0 on Twitch "{{tt|The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings|The Dawn Granting a Thousand Roses}}"
|ru      = Программа авторов Twitch и Genshin Impact 3.0 «Сто свежих роз приносит утро»
|ru_tl   = Twitch Creator Program and Genshin Impact 3.0 "The Morning Brings Hundred Fresh Roses"
|th      = Genshin Impact โปรแกรมครีเอเตอร์ Twitch เวอร์ชัน 3.0 "พันนวาระนำพารุ่งอรุณ"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Genshin Impact Creator Program on Twitch Version 3.0 "The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings"
|vi      = Chương Trình Đối Tác Genshin Impact Trên Twitch Phiên Bản 3.0 "Bình Minh Của Ngàn Đóa Hồng"
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Genshin-Impact-Autorenprogramm von Version 3.0 „Des Morgens tausend Rosen erwachen“ auf Twitch
|de_tl   = Genshin Impact Author Program of Version 3.0 "The Morn a Thousand Roses Awaken" on Twitch
|id      = Program Kreator Genshin Impact v3.0 "Fajar Seribu Mawar" di Twitch
|id_tl   = Genshin Impact v3.0 Creator Program "{{tt|The Morn a Thousand Roses Brings|Dawn of a Thousand Roses}}" in Twitch
|pt      = Programa de Parceria na Twitch de Genshin Impact da Versão 3.0 "O Alvorecer das Rosas"
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
[[th:โปรแกรมครีเอเตอร์ Twitch/2022-08-24]]