{{Event
|name              = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2021-07-21
|image             = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2021-07-21.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-07-21 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-08-04 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/580183
}}
Dear Travelers,

The Genshin Impact [[Version 2.0]] "The Immovable God and the Eternal Euthymia" update will be coming on July 21. The '''Genshin Impact Version 2.0 Streamer Recruitment Event''' on Twitch has also started. Live stream your content, complete missions and earn Primogems!

==Event Duration==
*July 21 – August 4 23:59 (UTC +8)

==Event Details==
# Main Mission:
# During the event, stream in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch for 10 hours, streamed for at least 3 days (Reward: 200 Primogems)
# Side Mission:
#*Stream in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch for 12 hours. Streamed for at least 4 days (Reward: 100 Primogems)
#*Stream in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch for 15 hours. Streamed for at least 5 days (Reward: 100 Primogems)
#*Stream in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch for 18 hours. Streamed for at least 6 days (Reward: 100 Primogems)
# Each streamer can only receive one reward per mission. Once the organizers confirm that the mission is complete, the reward will be sent via an in-game mail to the UID provided by the streamer.
# Each streamer participating in this event must fill in the necessary information in the form below. Each participant must also provide their Discord ID in order to join a Discord group and thus validate their participation. Once the recruitment event has ended, streaming information and proof of mission completion will be collected through this Discord group. Please save all screenshots and materials of in-game missions.
# The streamer will be immediately disqualified in the following circumstances: if streaming is found outside the Genshin Impact category, black screens, screen is off, streaming content is of poor quality, use of a third-party account, dissemination of unethical or illegal content or comments, etc. The Genshin Impact team reserves the right to demand further accountability.

Streamers who are interested in signing up for the event can visit the link below and fill in the necessary information~ (Don't worry, the personal information collected will only be used for contact and reward distribution purposes for this event)

https://forms.gle/CH6YTwjssqLZ7v479

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[pt-br:Evento de Transmissão na Twitch/21-07-2021]]