{{Event
|name              = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2022-03-31
|image             = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2022-03-31.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-03-31 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-04-26 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/20386
}}
Dear Travelers,<br />The Genshin Impact [[Version 2.6]] "Zephyr of the Violet Garden" update is here. The Genshin Impact Streamer Recruitment Event on Twitch has also started. Live stream your content, complete missions, and earn Primogems!

==Event Duration==
Registration Period: March 31 – April 2
Event Duration: April 5 – April 26
Submission Finalization: April 27 – April 29

==Event Content: Main Mission==
Stream in the Genshin Impact category
During the event, stream in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch:
Stream 5–10 hours to obtain Primogems ×160
Stream 10–20 hours to obtain Primogems ×320
Stream over 20 hours to obtain Primogems ×640

==Follower Growth==
# For streamers with 500 followers or less:
#* During the event, streamers who see a 10% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×20.
#* During the event, streamers who see a 30% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×60.
#* During the event, streamers who see a 50% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×80.
# For streamers with 500–3,000 followers:
#* During the event, streamers who see a 10% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×40.
#* During the event, streamers who see a 30% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×120.
#* During the event, streamers who see a 50% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×160.
# For streamers with more than 3,000 followers:
#* During the event, streamers who see a 10% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×80.
#* During the event, streamers who see a 30% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×260.
#* During the event, streamers who see a 50% increase in their follower count will receive a bonus of Primogems ×320.
Note: The additional rewards mentioned above cannot be stacked.

==Event Content: Challenges==
You can complete them repeatedly and get rewards<br />Hues of the Violet Garden
# The Moon and Stars Inscribe
#* Help to complete 2 Poems of the Day. (Primogems ×20)
# Theater Mechanicus
#* Complete the challenge stages 3 times. (Primogems ×20)
# Clash of Lone Blades
#* Complete a challenge stage on medium difficulty. (Primogems ×20)
# The Floral Courtyard
#* Place a floral courtyard inside the Serenitea Pot for more than 24 hours. (Primogems ×20)
# The Chasm
#* Defeat 5 Ruin Serpents in total. (Primogems ×20)
#* Destroy 3 Bedrock Keys. (Primogems ×20)
#* Enhance your Lumenstone Adjuvant to Lv.4. (Primogems ×20)
#* Collect a full set of 5-star Vermillion Hereafter Artifacts. (Primogems ×20)
#* Collect a full set of 5-star Echoes of an Offering Artifacts. (Primogems ×20)

==Event Details==
# Rewards are limited to the first 2,000 participants who submit their registration information.
# Once the event has started, you can receive additional rewards by completing the corresponding content under "Event Content: Challenges." Through fair participation and successful completion of the corresponding content, you can redeem Primogem rewards.
# Each time you complete the corresponding content under "Event Content: Challenges," you can redeem the corresponding Primogem rewards once. The Genshin Impact team will confirm whether one is eligible to receive additional awards based on the completed challenges.
# The Primogem rewards will be sent to the in-game mailbox of the UID provided by the participants within one month after the end of the event.
# Participants have the responsibility to accurately provide the necessary information during Submission Finalization. Please note that media materials may need to be submitted.
# Any form of fraud in the community, event, and platform and invalid participation caused by negligence may lead to disqualification from future related events.
Example of "fraud": In an attempt to get Primogems for doing nothing, Streamer A logs into Genshin Impact and is AFK for 20 hours.
Example of "invalid participation caused by negligence": Streaming games/content that are not related to Genshin Impact in the Genshin Impact category in an attempt to get Primogems.

==Rules==
# Participants must complete their registration during the registration period.
# Participants are responsible for ensuring the accuracy and validity of their information throughout the event.
# The Genshin Impact team will not be responsible for any preventable mistakes and related disputes arising from participants.
# Participants who have not completed their registration will not be able to participate in the event. The same applies to participants who use unfair methods or who resort to abuse of power.
# The Genshin Impact team reserves the right to determine the eligibility of participants before, during, and after the event.
# The Genshin Impact team will evaluate the reward eligibility of each participant.
Participants are responsible for the content they take part in and submit, including but not limited to the creativity, strategy, and quality of streaming."
Streamers who are interested in signing up for the event can visit the link below and fill in the necessary information~ (Don't worry, the personal information collected will only be used for contact and reward distribution purposes for this event)

https://forms.gle/P3GSWbTjVPCZJzA3A

==FAQ==
* Do I need to show my UID during my stream?
** Yes, you must show your UID during your stream.
* Can I only stream Genshin Impact during this event?
** No, you don't have to. You should, however, make sure not to stream content unrelated to Genshin Impact in the Genshin Impact stream category.
* Can we streamers follow each other just to get more followers?
** This is not allowed and it also violates the Twitch Terms of Service. Participants who use this method will be disqualified immediately.
* The information I provided in the form is incorrect, can I change it?
** After the registration information has been successfully received, you can edit your form. Please make sure that your information is accurate and valid. All participants are responsible for their own submissions - the Genshin Impact team will not make any changes to the information at the request of participants.
* How will I be contacted?
** We will contact you by email.<br />Please allow @mihoyo and/or @hoyoverse to contact you via email to prevent the messages from being treated as spam.

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:Recrutamento de streamers da versão 2.6]]