{{Event
|name              = Genshin Impact Version 3.4 "The Exquisite Night Chimes" Twitch Livestream Event
|image             = Genshin Impact Version 3.4 The Exquisite Night Chimes Twitch Livestream Event.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-01-18 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-02-07 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/15038858
}}
{{Description|Dear Traveler,<br>The Genshin Impact Version 3.4 "The Exquisite Night Chimes" update is coming soon. The Twitch Livestream Event has started. Stream your content, complete missions, and earn Primogems! There are cash prizes waiting for you in the challenge~}}
'''Genshin Impact Version 3.4 "The Exquisite Night Chimes" Twitch Livestream Event''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.4]].

==Event Timeline==
Registration Period: January 15 at 19:00:00 – January 20 at 15:00:00 (UTC+8)<br>
Streaming Period: January 18 after the version update to February 7, 23:59:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Note: Participants who successfully register before January 18 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will be able to start streaming after the Version 3.4 update. Participants who register after January 18 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will need to wait until January 21 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) to start streaming.<br>
Reward Calculation Period: February 8 – February 19<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Primogem rewards will be delivered to valid participants' accounts no later than 30 business days after the reward calculation period has concluded.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Cash rewards will be delivered to valid participants' accounts no later than 45 business days after the reward calculation period has concluded.<br>
Email Notification: Participants will receive a welcome email with event details from January 20 – January 23 and an email notifying them that the event has ended within 5 days after the end of the livestream event. Reward notification emails will be sent within 30 business days after the reward calculation period ends, to the accounts of all participants who have streamed for 6 hours or more. Please pay attention to these messages.

==Event Details==
# Participants who meet the following conditions will be able to obtain the corresponding rewards:
## Sign up for the Version 3.4 Twitch Livestream Event
## Link an Email to a HoYoverse account
## This event is open to Genshin Impact accounts registered on the following four servers: America, Europe, Asia, and (TW, HK, MO).
## During the event, stream in the Genshin Impact Category on Twitch for a total duration of 6 hours or more in order to qualify for the "Start Streaming" and "Aim for the Leaderboard" rewards.
# Participants who successfully register before January 18 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will be able to start streaming after the Version 3.4 update. Participants who register after January 18 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will need to wait until January 21 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) to start streaming.
# Primogem rewards will be delivered to valid participants' accounts no later than 30 business days after the event has concluded.
# Any form of cheating or negligence within the community, event, or platform will not be tolerated and can result in indefinite suspension from future or related events.
## Example of cheating: Streamer A logs into Genshin Impact and is AFK for 24 hours.
## Example of negligence: Streaming games/content that are not related to Genshin Impact in the Genshin Impact category in an attempt to get Primogems.
During the event, disclosing or discussing the content of an upcoming release will not be tolerated and can result in indefinite suspension from future or related events.

[https://hoyo.link/3cErBJAd Register Now]

==Event Notice==
# Registration in this version of the event is required in order to participate in the event.
## Each registration is independent and applies only to the event of a specific version. Registrations made for a previous version cannot be used for the event of the next version.
## HoYoverse accounts must be linked to an email for contact purposes.
## Participants are responsible for ensuring the accuracy and validity of their information. The Genshin Impact team will not be responsible for any mistakes and related disputes arising from participants.
# The Genshin Impact team reserves the right to determine the eligibility of participants before, during, and after the event.
## Rewards will not be awarded if the event registration is not completed.
## Those who do not meet the minimum requirements will not be eligible for rewards.
## Participants suspected of unfair advantage or engaging in forms of abuse will be immediately disqualified.
## This event is open to Genshin Impact accounts registered on the following four servers: America, Europe, Asia, and (TW, HK, MO).
# The Genshin Impact team is responsible for determining participants' eligibility in receiving prizes.
#ubmission of multimedia files/videos will not be required after the event concludes.
# By participating in this event and submitting information, participants agree to official access and disclosure of participant information for the purpose of administration and prize distribution.
# By participating in this event, you agree to:
## The terms and conditions (https://hoyo.link/58ErBBAd)
## Genshin Impact's Privacy Policy (https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/privacy)
## Twitch's Privacy Policy (https://www.twitch.tv/p/en/legal/privacy-notice)

==Watching Rewards==
{|class="wikitable"
!colspan=2|Sights and Sounds
|-
!colspan=2|Twitch Drops
|-
!Event Requirements
!Rewards
|-
|Consecutively watch 15 minutes Of streams
|Mora ×20,000
|-
|Consecutively watch minutes of streams
|Sanctifying Unction ×4
|-
|Consecutively watch minutes of streams
|Mystic Enhancement Ore ×5
|-
|Consecutively watch minutes of streams
|Hero's Wit ×3
|-
|Consecutively watch 120 minutes of streams
|Primogems ×30
|}

Watch a certain number of hours of streams during the event in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch to win the following rewards!<br>
Rewards can only be collected after linking a HoYoverse account with a Twitch account, enabling Twitch Drops, and watching a certain number of hours of eligible Genshin Impact streams. Each type of reward is limited to 300,000 in quantity.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Note: Twitch Drops is separate from the Twitch Livestream Event and thus Drops rewards can be claimed immediately after achieving the listed criteria from the [Registration] website.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>More information about Twitch Drops: https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/mission-based-drops<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Each tier of Twitch Drops rewards is limited to 300,000. First come, first served!

==Streaming Rewards==
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Twitch Livestream Event Rewards will be delivered no later than 30 business days after the event has concluded.
{|class="wikitable"
!colspan=3|Start Streaming
|-
!colspan=3|Streaming Duration Event (Cumulative)
|-
!Event Requirements
!Rewards
!Cumulative Rewards
|-
|Reach 6 hours
|Primogems ×200
|Primogems ×200
|-
|Reach 9 hours
|Primogems ×250
|Primogems ×450
|-
|Reach 12 hours
|Primogems ×350
|Primogems ×800
|-
|Reach 30 hours
|Primogems ×800
|Primogems ×1,600
|-
!colspan=3|Consecutive Check-Ins Event (Cumulative)
|-
!Event Requirements
!Rewards
!Cumulative Rewards
|-
|Reach the milestone of 3 stream hours for 1 weeks
|Primogems ×50
|Primogems ×50
|-
|Reach the milestone of 3 stream hours for 2 week
|Primogems ×100
|Primogems ×150
|-
|Reach the milestone of 3 stream hours for 3 weeks
|Primogems ×150
|Primogems ×300
|}

==Streaming Duration Event Details==
When participants reach a certain number of stream hours during the event, they will get a chance to receive the corresponding rewards.<br>
Note: "6 hours" is defined as streaming at least 6 hours in Twitch's Genshin Impact category throughout the event.<br>
For further clarification: Reaching 6 hours equates to Primogems ×200. Reaching 9 hours equates to Primogems ×450. Reaching 12 hours equates to Primogems ×800.<br>
Reaching 30 hours equates to Primogems ×1,600.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 16,000 sets for 6 hours of live streams.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 13,000 sets for 9 hours of live streams.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 11,000 sets for 12 hours of live streams.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 3,000 sets for 30 hours of live streams.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>If the number of rewards reaches its limit, winners will be selected based on the average number of concurrent viewers.<br>
<nowiki>C</nowiki>onsecutive Check-Ins Event Details<br>
<nowiki>D</nowiki>uring the Live Streaming Phase, participants will gain a milestone if their stream time within an "Event Week" reaches 3 hours.<br>
<nowiki>E</nowiki>very "Event Week" starts on Wednesday at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) and ends on the following Tuesday at 23:59:59 (UTC+8). See below for details (*Times provided are UTC+8).<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Week 1: January 18 after the version update – January 24 at 23:59:59<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Week 2: January 25 at 00:00:00 – January 31 at 23:59:59<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Week 3: February 1 at 00:00:00 – February 7 at 23:59:59<br>
Participants will obtain the milestone(s) once they meet the event requirements.<br>
Participants can obtain only one milestone during each "Event Week" and a total of three milestones during the entire event duration.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 15,000 sets for 1 week of reaching the milestone in the Consecutive Check-In milestone event.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 12,000 sets for 2 weeks of reaching the milestone in the Consecutive Check-In milestone event.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 10,000 sets for 3 weeks of reaching the milestone in the Consecutive Check-In milestone event.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>If the number of rewards reaches its limit, winners will be selected based on the average number of concurrent viewers.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>"Streaming Duration Event" rewards and "Consecutive Check-Ins" rewards can be obtained together with "Advanced Ranking" rewards.

{|class="wikitable"
!colspan=3|Aim for the Leaderboard
|-
!colspan=3|Most Hours Watched Leaderboard (HW)
|-
!Rank
!colspan=2|Cash Rewards
|-
|Top 1
|9,000 USD
|-
|Top 2
|6,000 USD
|-
|Top 3
|4,000 USD
|-
|Top 4
|3,000 USD
|-
|Top 5
|2,000 USD
|-
|Top 6–20
|800 USD
|-
|Top 21–50
|300 USD
|-
|Top 51–100
|100 USD
|-
!colspan=3|Average Concurrent Viewers Leaderboard (CCV)
|-
!Rank
!Primogem Rewards
!Cash Rewards
|-
|Top 1
|×5,000
|4,000 USD
|-
|Top 2
|×5,000
|3,000 USD
|-
|Top 3
|×5,000
|2,000 USD
|-
|Top 4
|×5,000
|1,000 USD
|-
|Top 5
|×5,000
|500 USD
|-
|Top 6–20
|×3,200
|300 USD
|-
|Top 21–50
|×1,600
|100 USD
|-
|Top 51–100
|×1,200
|
|-
|Top 101–200
|×800
|
|-
|Top 201–600
|×600
|
|}

<nowiki>*</nowiki>The rewards for "Most Hours Watched Leaderboard" and Average Concurrent Viewers Leaderboard (CCV) rewards can be obtained at the same time. The results of the two rankings are counted separately.<br>
Note: Channel's Rank performance will be measured within the event's duration.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Hours Watched (HW) defines the total number of hours watched throughout the event.<br>
Note: Concurrent Viewers "CCV" is defined as Concurrent Viewership throughout the event.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Cash rewards will be issued via PayPal transfer. After the event ends, please be sure to check the official winner notification email that participants can use to submit relevant information to obtain prizes.

==Event FAQ==
Q1: Is registration required to participate?<br>
A1: Yes. Registration is required for this event.

Q2: Do I need to fully display my UID at the bottom right during the livestream?<br>
A2: Yes. Without your UID being completely displayed, your livestreaming data cannot be accurately collected.

Q3: What are the minimum requirements to receive rewards?<br>
A3: Register for the Version 3.4 Livestream Event.<br>
The participant's HoYoverse account must be linked to an email for contact purposes.<br>
This event is open to Genshin Impact UID accounts registered on the following four servers: America, Europe, Asia, and (TW, HK, MO).<br>
During the event, stream in the Genshin Impact Category on Twitch for a total duration of 6 hours or more.

Q4: How can I obtain the milestones in the Consecutive Check-Ins Event?<br>
A4: You can obtain a milestone by streaming 3 or more hours within an "Event Week."
Every "Event Week" starts on Wednesday at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) and ends on the following Tuesday at 23:59:59 (UTC+8). See below for details (*Times provided are UTC+8).<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Week 1: January 18 after the version update – January 24 at 23:59:59<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Week 2: January 25 at 00:00:00 – January 31 at 23:59:59<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>Week 3: February 1 at 00:00:00 – February 7 at 23:59:59<br>
Participants will obtain the milestone(s) once they meet the event requirements.<br>
Participants can obtain only one milestone during each "Event Week" and a total of three milestones during the entire event duration.

Q5: Is there a limit to the number of rewards for the live streaming experience?<br>
A5: Yes. The limit is as follows:<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 16,000/13,000/11,000/3,000 sets for 6/9/12/30 hours of live streams respectively<br>.
<nowiki>*</nowiki>The reward is limited to 15,000/12,000/10,000 sets for 1/2/3 weeks of reaching the milestones in the Consecutive Check-Ins event respectively.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>If the number of rewards reaches its limit, winners will be selected based on the average number of concurrent viewers.

Q6: I am eligible for multiple "Aim for the Leaderboard" rewards. Does this mean I can claim all the prizes?<br>
A6: Yes, you can claim all the prizes.

Q7: I only streamed 5 valid hours during the event period, am I still eligible for the rewards?<br>
A7: No. To be eligible for "Advanced Ranking Rewards," you must have at least 6 valid stream hours during the event.

Q8: How do I link an email address with my HoYoverse account?<br>
A8: Go to https://account.hoyoverse.com and log into your HoYoverse account. Confirm and verify your email address in the "Account Security Settings" submenu.

Q9: Will multimedia files/video submissions be required after the event ends?<br>
A9: No. Multimedia files/video submissions are not required.

Q10: Can I stream immediately after registration?<br>
A10: Participants who successfully register before January 18 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will be able to start streaming after the Version 3.4 update. Users who register after January 18 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) will need to wait until after January 21 at 00:00:00 (UTC+8) to start streaming.<br>
<nowiki>*</nowiki>If participants start streaming before the specified time, the stream data will not be counted.

Q11: My livestream video will be automatically deleted after 14 days. Will it affect my livestream data during the event?<br>
A11: No, your data will be collected in real-time during the event. The deletion of your video will not affect your livestreaming data at all.

Q12: When will Primogem rewards from the Version 3.4 Twitch Livestream Event be delivered?<br>
A12: Primogem rewards will be delivered within 30 business days after the Reward Calculation period.

Q13: How can I redeem for cash rewards?<br>
A13: Participants will receive a notification email with their event rankings after the event ends. Participants can redeem for cash rewards by providing information required in the email.

Q14: Am I restricted to streaming only Genshin Impact?<br>
A14: No, there are no restrictions on posting other content. However, only streaming Genshin Impact content in the Genshin Impact category allows you to be eligible for the event participation requirements.

Q15: Is a microphone or webcam required to participate?<br>
A15: No, these are not required.

Q16: I changed my Twitch username during the event. Will this affect my eligibility?<br>
A16: No. Your eligibility will not be affected.

Q17: How will I be contacted?<br>
A17: You will be contacted via the email address indicated during your registration. We recommend that you check that your inbox allows you to receive emails from @hoyoverse.com to prevent messages from appearing in your junk mail.

Q18: Why haven't I received any emails related to the event?<br>
A18: (a) Please make sure your email address is linked to your HoYoverse account.
(b) Make sure you have not unsubscribed from official Genshin Impact emails. If you have unsubscribed, please contact Customer Service.<br>
(c) Check that the e-mails have not arrived in your spam or junk mail.<br>
(d) Ensure that the email address you use is the one linked to your HoYoverse account.

Q19: If I don't receive an email with event information, does that mean I didn't register successfully?<br>
A19: No. As long as you have completed the registration on the event page and it indicates that it has been completed successfully, your participation is taken into account even if you have not received the registration email with event details.

Q20: If my region is not on the list of eligible regions for this event, is it possible that I will not receive any rewards?<br>
A20: If your region is not in the list of eligible regions for this event, you will not be able to obtain the corresponding rewards. For details on eligible regions, please refer to the relevant clauses via this link: https://hoyo.link/58ErBBAd

Q21: Can I get the cash prizes if I don't have a PayPal account?<br>
A21: Unfortunately, this is not possible. This event only uses PayPal as a means of money transfer. We recommend that you open a PayPal account in advance.

Q22: If my channel is closed, will this affect my eligibility for the event?<br>
A22: Yes. If your channel is not set to public (closed or private) during the event, your event eligibility will be affected.

Q23: Can two or more different UIDs share a Twitch channel?<br>
A23: No. If multiple different UIDs share a Twitch channel, only the last UID registered for the event will be eligible for rewards.

Q24: Is there a quick guide to streaming on Twitch?<br>
A24: Yes. Please refer to this website: https://www.twitch.tv/creatorcamp/en/paths/going-live/quick-start-guide-to-streaming-on-twitch/

Q25: How do I choose the Genshin Impact category on Twitch for my stream?<br>
A25: PC - Once logged into your account, go to the "Creator Dashboard" by clicking on your profile picture. Then select "Stream Manager." On the right, you will find the "Quick Actions" tab where you can select "Edit Stream Info." A window will open where you can make the necessary changes to your stream. Select "Genshin Impact" in the "Category" section and click "Done" to save!<br>
Link: https://dashboard.twitch.tv/stream-manager<br>
More information: https://help.twitch.tv/s/article/creator-dashboard<br>
Mobile: Through the Twitch App, select the "Stream Games" button, then search and select the Game title "Genshin Impact." Next, complete the settings for your live stream.

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[pt-br:Evento de Transmissão na Twitch/15-01-2023]]