{{Event
|name              = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2021-09-02
|image             = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2021-09-02.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-09-02 23:59:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-09-21 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/15656
}}
The Genshin Impact Version Streamer Recruitment Event on Twitch has started. Live stream your content, complete missions, and earn Primogems!<br>Application Submission Deadline: September 10, 23:59 (UTC +8)

==Event Content==
===Main Mission===
* During the event, stream at least a total of 15 hours in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch, streamed for at least 3 days. (Reward: 500 Primogems)

===Side Missions===
*During the event, get more than 100 new followers while streaming in the Genshin Impact category (Reward: 500 Primogems).
*During the event, get more than 300 new followers while streaming in the Genshin Impact category (Reward: 1,000 Primogems).
*During the event, get more than 600 new followers while streaming in the Genshin Impact category (Reward: 1,500 Primogems).

===Mission Description===
#Streamers must stream in the Genshin Impact Category of Twitch.
#Stream content must be related to Genshin Impact's game content.
#This event is only available for players on the Europe, Asia, America, and TW/HK/MO servers.
#During the event, each mission will have independent corresponding Primogem rewards. The review and distribution of rewards will be subject to the account information submitted by the streamer. Participants who fail to submit their valid information by the end of the event will lose their reward qualifications.
#All participating streamers must provide an email address to receive an invitation to join the corresponding Discord Genshin Impact streamer recruitment group to confirm their participation. Once the recruitment event has ended, streaming information and proof of mission completion will be collected through this Discord group. Please make sure to save screenshots and videos of relevant game broadcasts.

==Sign Up==
*Streamers who are interested in signing up for the event can visit the link below and fill in the necessary information~ (Don't worry, the personal information collected will only be used for contact and reward distribution purposes for this event). [https://forms.gle/WzYrcMeYBR3DFXCs5 Sign up link]

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[pt-br:Evento de Transmissão na Twitch/02-09-2021]]