{{Event
|name              = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2022-01-06
|image             = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2022-01-06.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-01-06 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-01-26 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/18529
}}
Dear Travelers,<br>The Genshin Impact [[Version 2.4]] "Fleeting Colors in Flight" update is here. The Genshin Impact Streamer Recruitment Event on Twitch has also started. Live stream your content, complete missions and earn Primogems!

* Registration Period: January 6 – January 10
* Event Duration: January 6 – January 26
* Submission Finalization: January 28

==Event Content: Main Mission==
For streamers with 500 followers or less:<br>During the event, stream at least a total of 15 hours in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch to obtain a reward of 500 Primogems (limited to 1,800 streamers)<br>For every 50 new followers who join during the event, streamers will receive an additional reward of 100 Primogems up to a maximum of 200 Primogems (limited to 180 streamers).

For streamers with 500–3,000 followers:<br>During the event, stream at least a total of 15 hours in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch to obtain a reward of 500 Primogems (limited to 2,000 streamers)<br>For every 100 new followers who join during the event, streamers will receive an additional reward of 100 Primogems up to a maximum of 400 Primogems (limited to 200 streamers).

For streamers with more than 3,000 followers:<br>During the event, stream at least a total of 15 hours in the Genshin Impact category on Twitch to obtain a reward of 500 Primogems (limited to 200 streamers)<br>For every 200 new followers who join during the event, streamers will receive an additional reward of 100 Primogems up to a maximum of 400 Primogems (limited to 20 streamers).

==Event Content: Challenges==
For streamers who manage to conquer Floor 12 of the Spiral Abyss with the shortest challenging time during the event: they will receive a reward of 800 Primogems (the entire challenge must be broadcast and recorded in Twitch Highlight as evidence. Limited to 200 people).

==Event Guidelines==
# Rewards for all categories are limited. If the number of eligible streamers exceeds the established reward quota, the streamers with the highest number of views will be awarded first.
# Each mission corresponds to an individual reward of Primogems. Complete the corresponding missions during the streaming event to obtain the corresponding rewards.
# Each streamer can only receive one reward per mission. Once the organizers confirm that the mission is complete, the reward will be sent via an in-game mail to the UID provided by the streamer.

Streamers who are interested in signing up for the event can visit the link below and fill in the necessary information~ (Don't worry, the personal information collected will only be used for contact and reward distribution purposes for this event)

https://mhy.link/dc5OPEA6

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[th:รับสมัครสตรีมเมอร์บน Twitch ของ Genshin Impact/2022-01-06]]
[[pt-br:Evento de Transmissão na Twitch/06-01-2022]]