{{Event
|name              = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2021-10-15
|image             = Twitch Streamer Recruitment 2021-10-15.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-10-15 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-11-04 23:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/16544
}}
Dear Travelers,<br>
The Genshin Impact Version 2.2 "Into the Perilous Labyrinth of Fog" update arrived on October 13. The Genshin Impact Streamer Recruitment Event on Twitch has also started. Live stream your content, complete missions and earn Primogems!

Event Duration: October 15 – November 4 23:59 (UTC+8)<br>
Deadline for Registration: October 18, 2021 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Event Content==
===Main Mission===
*For streamers with less than 500 followers: for 15 hours of broadcast, they will be rewarded with 500 Primogems (limited to 800 people). For every 100 new followers who join during the event, they will receive an additional reward of 500 Primogems up to a maximum of 1,500 Primogems (limited to 80 people).
*For streamers with 500–3,000 followers: for 15 hours of broadcast, they will be rewarded with 500 Primogems (limited to 2,000 people). For every 150 new followers who join during the event, they will receive an additional reward of 500 Primogems up to a maximum of 1,500 Primogems (limited to 200 people).
*For streamers with more than 3,000 followers: for 15 hours of broadcast, they will be rewarded with 500 Primogems (limited to 200 people). For every 200 new followers who join during the event, they will receive an additional reward of 500 Primogems up to a maximum of 1,500 Primogems (limited to 20 people).

===Side Missions===
*For streamers who manage to conquer Floor 12 of the Spiral Abyss with the shortest challenging time during the event: they will receive a reward of 1,000 Primogems (the entire challenge must be broadcast and recorded in Twitch Highlight as evidence. Limited to 100 people).

===Event Guidelines===
#Rewards for all categories are limited. If the number of eligible streamers exceeds the established reward quota, the streamers with the highest number of views will be awarded first.
#Each mission corresponds to an individual reward of Primogems. Complete the corresponding missions during the streaming event to obtain the corresponding rewards.
#Each streamer can only receive one reward per mission. Once the organizers confirm that the mission is complete, the reward will be sent via an in-game mail to the UID provided by the streamer.
#Each streamer participating in this event must fill in the necessary information in the form below. Each participant must also provide their Discord ID in order to join a Discord group and thus validate their participation. Once the recruitment event has ended, streaming information and proof of mission completion will be collected through this Discord group. Please save all screenshots and materials of in-game missions.
#The streamer will be immediately disqualified in the following circumstances: if streaming is found outside the Genshin Impact category, black screens, screen is off, streaming content is of poor quality, use of a third-party account, dissemination of unethical or illegal content or comments, etc. The Genshin Impact team reserves the right to demand further accountability.

==Sign Up==
*Streamers who are interested in signing up for the event can visit the link below and fill in the necessary information~ (Don't worry, the personal information collected will only be used for contact and reward distribution purposes for this event) [https://mhy.link/903uKBA6 Sign up link]

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}

[[pt-br:Evento de Transmissão na Twitch/15-10-2021]]