{{Event
|name              = Twitch Drops - Watch Livestreams to Claim Rewards
|image             = Twitch Drops - Watch Livestreams to Claim Rewards.png
|type              = Web
|type2             = <!--Flagship/Login/Submission-->
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-05-31 00:30:00
|time_start_offset = GMT-4
|time_end          = 2022-06-27 00:29:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT-4
|link              = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220511twitchdrops/index.html?mhy_auth_required=true
|link2             = 
}}
{{Description|Twitch Drops is an event where you can obtain in-game rewards just by watching Twitch live streams. To participate in Twitch Drops, you only need to link your Twitch account to your Genshin Impact account.}}
'''Twitch Drops - Watch Livestreams to Claim Rewards''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 2.7]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
Tue, 31 May, 00:30  -  Mon, 27 Jun, 00:29 GMT-4

===Event FAQs===
# What is Twitch Drops?
#* Twitch Drops is an event where you can obtain in-game rewards just by watching Twitch live streams. To participate in Twitch Drops, you only need to link your Twitch account to your Genshin Impact account.
# Which live streams do I need to watch in order to obtain the rewards?
#* After activating Twitch Drops, watch any stream under the Genshin Impact category to participate in the event.
#* You can confirm all information about the event and rewards [https://www.twitch.tv/DROPS/campaigns here].
# How do I confirm that I have successfully participated in Twitch Drops?
#* You can view the Twitch Drops events you have participated in on the Twitch Drops page. You can also confirm all ongoing events and the channels you have joined in the Twitch Inventory.
# How long will it take to receive the Drops reward?
#* In general, rewards will be delivered to your in-game mailbox within 24 hours.
# I have two game accounts, can I receive the rewards more than once?
#* You are unable to receive Twitch Drops rewards repeatedly. A Twitch account can only be linked to one Genshin Impact account (UID). The same Genshin Impact account can only collect the same types of rewards once, and the same Twitch account can only claim the same types of rewards once.
===Rewards===
* Watch for 15 minutes and claim the reward {{Item|Mora|25|x=5000}}
* Watch for an additional 45 minutes and claim the reward {{Item|Hero's Wit|25|x=3}}
* Watch for an additional 1-hour and claim the reward {{Item|Primogem|25|x=10}}

[[Category:Social Media Events]]
[[Category:Released in Version 2.7]]