{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Uenuku.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = People of the Springs
|title            = Treader of the Rainbow
|title2           = Rainbow King
|titleRef2        = <ref name="Footprint">{{Ref/Weapon|Footprint of the Rainbow}}</ref>
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = Tupac
|relativeNote     = descendant
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Uenuku''' is a historical character from the [[People of the Springs]] in [[Natlan]]. 

He once journeyed with [[Xbalanque]] and participated in the [[Grand Alliance]], but later left for unknown reasons.<ref name="Sovereign 2">Interactable: [[Holy Sovereign's Notes#Holy Sovereign's Notes (II)|Holy Sovereign's Notes (II)]]</ref> He was the wielder of [[Footprint of the Rainbow]] and likely bore the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name|UMJ|'''Umoja'''|bearer=1}}.<ref group="Note">{{Ref/Weapon|Footprint of the Rainbow|quote="At least the justice that he so firmly believed in, the justice that had the power to "unite" the weak; at least that would not fade at the journey's end."}}</ref>

==Profile==
Uenuku's story is somewhat ambiguous, as there are many different versions from many different sources. However, they all mention his relationship with an [[Oceanid]], whose name may have been Hineila (or Ianeira).<ref name="Footprint" /> In fact, [[Och-Kan]]'s notes state that numerous Oceanids once followed Uenuku.<ref name="Sovereign 2" /> 

One legend says that Hineila was searching for someone who could become King, so that she could use them to fulfill her goal of purging Natlan's [[Phlogiston]] to make way for clear springs. She advised Uenuku to abandon his village and sweet-talked him into a deal &mdash; she would bless his weapon and accompany him, and when he became King, he would grant her "the spring where vicious beasts prowl." Uenuku knew that Hineila only saw him as a means to an end, but decided to fight alongside her "until the time came that they were to betray one another." However, they eventually fell for each other. Hineila tried to convince herself that Uenuku was just a pawn to her, to no avail. Just as he was about to be consumed by [[Xiuhcoatl]]'s flames, she used her aqueous form to shield him, leaving only a rainbow behind.<ref name="Footprint" /> Och-Kan's notes confirm that Uenuku did indeed survive the battle against Xiuhcoatl and had been part of the [[Grand Alliance]] before leaving for some reason; the Oceanid followers also went away following his departure.<ref name="Sovereign 2" />

The ancient scrolls of the Meztli tell a tale with a happier ending. They say that Uenuku and Hineila met beneath the moonlight and fell in love, but Uenuku pushed her away in a "moment of suspicion." She left him, but, filled with regret, he searched for her for decades on end. Finally, the Oceanid's heart softened and she created a rainbow guiding the hero to "the sea's other side," where they were reunited, never to be separated again.<ref name="Footprint" />

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Story==
''(To be added.)''

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Trivia==
*{{w|Uenuku}} also known as Uenuku-Kōpako is an {{w|Atua|atua}} of rainbows and a prominent ancestor in {{w|Māori mythology|Māori tradition}}.
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Uenuku
|zhs     = 乌努库
|zhs_rm  = Wūnǔkù
|zht     = 烏努庫
|zht_rm  = Wūnǔkù
|ja      = ウヌク
|ko      = 우에누쿠
|es      = Uenuku
|fr      = Uenku
|ru      = Унуку
|th      = Uenuku
|vi      = Uenuku
|de      = Uenuku
|id      = Uenuku
|pt      = Uenuke
|tr      = Uenuku
|it      = Uenuku
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}