{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = File:UID.png
|caption      = UID with America Server Prefix
|type         = Game Systems
}}
The '''UID''' of a player is a unique identifier that helps distinguish players from each other in [[Co-Op Mode]]. UIDs are used primarily for joining other player's worlds, but UIDs can also be used to add people to the friend list and blacklist people from joining other's worlds as well as identify which server a user is playing on.

==Format==
A UID consists of 9 to 10 digits. For a 9-digit UID, the first digit (“UID Prefix”) indicates the server the player is located on, and for a 10-digit UID, the first 2 digits. The other 8 digits are a number distributed according to account creation order.

If the player is playing on the internal servers, which has UIDs starting with 0, UIDs may be less than 9 digits long as it does not display leading zeros.

{| class="wikitable"
!Servers
!UID Prefix
!Suited Region
|-
|(''Internal'')
|0
|(''miHoYo internal'')<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/fwOlW3ndDa8?t=759 The Birth of a Dragon]</ref><ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/thdCksamSog?t=368 The World of Opera]</ref>
|-
|{{zh|天空岛|lit=[[Celestia]]}}
| 1, 2 or 3
|Mainland China
|-
|{{zh|世界树|lit=[[Irminsul]]}}
|5
|Mainland China (Bilibili or Xiaomi channels)
|-
| America
|6
|North and South America
|-
|Europe
|7
|Europe, and Africa
|-
| Asia
|8 or 18
|Asia and Australia (excluding the Special Administrative Region)
|-
| TW, HK, MO
|9
|Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macao
|}

It is not possible to play with players on different servers nor is it possible to sync data across different servers.

==Displaying UID==
The UID is always visible in the bottom right corner of the screen and remains visible until blurred out or removed. The UID is also visible in the [[Paimon Menu]].

In the Co-Op list, the UID is visible by opening a player's profile. The UID is displayed under their nickname.

==Trivia==
* A UID 1644869720 is used specifically in the [https://youtu.be/CUwg_JoNHpo?t=986 iPad Air demo] at Apple's special event. Subsequent clips in the same demo hide the UID.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox|Other}}

[[ja:UID]]
[[ru:Пользовательский ID]]
[[uk:ID гравця]]
[[vi:ID Người Dùng]]