{{Stub|Image(s)}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        =
|type         = Species
|type2        = Lore
|region       = Inazuma
}}
{{Lang|'''Umibouzu'''|ja=海坊主}} are a mentioned species of sea creature in [[Inazuma]].

==Description==
"Umibouzu" is the common name of the species, given to them by the people of [[Narukami Island]]. Some of their traces may be left on [[Yashiori Island]] as well.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Scribbled Notes}}</ref> They are huge, intelligent sea creatures that have gone extinct in most ocean regions. They are considered to be the arch-nemesis of all sailors, and it is said that they often attack cargo ships on long voyages and rob fishermen of their catch. For this reason, many Umibouzu are hunted down and killed by humans. In an unusual phenomenon, the Umibouzu near [[Watatsumi Island]] have grown close to humanity.<ref name="solitary">{{Ref/Quest|Solitary Sea-Beast}}</ref>

The people of Watatsumi do not have a common name for the species, and instead name each creature individually. One such example is [[Kumi]] naming her friend "Kuntira." They believe that each Umibouzu is a lonely individual, just like humans.<ref name="solitary" />

Though Kuntira was believed to be the last of her kind, the researcher [[Anisa]] discovered that she actually had multiple offspring before her death, and resolves to befriend them during her stay on Watatsumi Island.<ref name="solitary" />

==Known Umibouzu==
*Kuntira
*Kuntira's children

==Trivia==
*They are likely based on the Japanese folklore of {{w|Umibōzu}}.

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|world}}