{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70676; 70677; 70678; 70680
|image         = World Quest Unbegun Unending Story.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = [[Adventure Rank]] 35
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Wolfy
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|voiced        = yes
|otherRewards  =
* Unlocks [[Imaginarium Theater]]
}}
'''''Unbegun, Unending Story''''' is an [[World Quest]] in [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]. Completing the quest unlocks the [[Imaginarium Theater]] gamemode.

==Steps==
# Enter the room on the lower level of the [[Knights of Favonius Library]]
# Explore the [[Mysterious Room|mysterious room]]{{Verify|Does this step ever appear in the game? When does the quest end?}}
#* While in the room, the player's party is limited to the [[Traveler]]. They cannot use their [[Talent]]s, and the [[Party]] screen cannot be accessed.

==Gameplay Notes==
* After the first dialogue section with Wolfy (one Act finalized):
** The desserts, the chest, and the closet can no longer be interacted with.
** The painting and the desk have new interaction dialogue.
** The curtain and the window retain their original dialogue.
* After the second dialogue section with Wolfy (one Act with a Primary Antagonist finalized):
** The curtain can no longer be interacted with.
** The painting, the desk, and the window retain their most recent dialogue sets.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The sacrifice demanded by magic is consolation...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Enter the room)
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh. What's a place like this doing in a library? Could this be the Restricted Section [[Lisa]] mentioned?
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, doesn't quite feel like it, though...
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You don't think this place is hiding some terrible secret, do you? Like those rooms you always hear about in scary stories? Y'know, the ones that are usually totally off limits?
:{{DIcon}} Surely it would be locked if that were the case.
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's true... We just kinda waltzed in here. And it didn't seem like the lock had been broken, or anything...
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, hang on a minute! This isn't the door we came in through! Are we even in the library anymore?
:{{DIcon}} We could be underneath [[Cider Lake]]?
::{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 06a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You think? Wow. That's pretty impressive, building all this under the lake... Wait, no, that's ridiculous! No way is that where we are.
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps we've reached another world...
::{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 06b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And what world would that be, huh?
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Too bad Lisa's not working today, otherwise we could ask her... Well, we're here anyhow, and this place doesn't look too dangerous. Why don't we take a look around?
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' New places are meant for exploring, after all! You've gotta try all kinds of new things to become a good and experienced guide.
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, look, a stuffed wolf toy! So cute!
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's so fluffy and soft! Huh, wonder who left it here...
:{{DIcon}} For all you know, that toy might be this room's real master.
::{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 11a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Awoooo! Foolish Traveler! You dare enter this fortress of doom without invitation! Prepare to be eaten alive!"
:{{DIcon}} Or it might be the guardian of this mysterious room.
::{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 11b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What sorta guardian would be dozing away on the sofa like this?
::{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 11b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "*snore* No danger in sight... Saw nothing, means nothing happened... *snore*"
:{{A|vo tips pt001 1 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...We should probably just leave it here for now. This place is huge, so let's keep on exploring!
----
;(Investigate wolf toy)
:'''Paimon:''' It's so cute, Paimon can't stop herself from petting it.
:{{DIcon}} (Pat its head)
:{{DIcon}} (Rub its ears)
:{{DIcon}} (Poke its tummy)
:{{Black Screen|You and Paimon pet the fluffy wolf toy...}}
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, so soft! It's warm, fluffy, and full of cotton, just like Paimon imagined.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, {{Traveler}}. Let's keep looking somewhere else!

;(Investigate painting on the wall near the wolf toy)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, is the person in that painting... moving!?
:'''Paimon:''' Umm, hi! Paimon's Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}. You couldn't tell us what this place is, could you?
:{{DIcon}} Howdy there!
:{{DIcon}} I'm the Honorary Knight of the [[Knights of Favonius]]!
:'''Paimon:''' Nope, nothing. She doesn't seem to be able to hear us at all...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe our greeting wasn't formal enough?
::'''Paimon:''' "O fair and noble lady, hearest thou our question?"
::'''Paimon:''' Oh, yeah, all we needed to get a response was an elegant greeting... Pff, as if! Surely it's just a painting that can move?
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, mysterious as it is, we're not gonna find the answer by just waiting around. Why don't we go search for clues someplace else?
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you take a look inside the painting, Paimon?
::'''Paimon:''' Ahh, so all Paimon needs to do is go inside the painting and we'll magically get to the bottom of this... Yeah right! Just how is Paimon supposed to do that!?
::'''Paimon:''' And why are we even talking about this like it's a possibility? What world are you living in, {{Traveler}}?
::'''Paimon:''' Never mind... As mysterious as a moving painting is, we're not gonna find the answer by just waiting around. Why don't we go search for clues someplace else?

;(Investigate treasure chest in the southern room)
:'''Paimon:''' Look, {{Traveler}}, a treasure chest!
:'''Paimon:''' So beautifully decorated and in such an unmissable spot... Almost as if it's trying to tempt us into opening it!
:{{DIcon}} Maybe the key's somewhere nearby?
::'''Paimon:''' Let's have a look around, we might be able to find it. Wonder what kind of treasure it's hiding...
:{{DIcon}} Probably better not to touch it.
::'''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You've got a point. After all, barging into someone's room uninvited, opening a treasure chest that they've gone to the trouble of locking, then running off with said treasure... It doesn't sound very nice put like that, does it?
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, we should tell [[Jean]] first, right?

;(Investigate desserts on the table in the center)
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, look over here! These desserts look delicious!
:'''Paimon:''' You'd think desserts like those wouldn't last long, but even the fruit on the cake looks so fresh, like someone just made it! Paimon's drooling just looking at it...
:'''Paimon:''' Mmm... {{Traveler}}? Just think, there's no one else around, and it'll go to waste if someone doesn't eat it soon. Why don't we just try a mouthful... or two?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think that's a good idea.
::'''Paimon:''' M&mdash;Maybe you're right. They look so lovingly made, and it might have been Lisa who made them... It seems wrong to just start eating them without asking permission...
::'''Paimon:''' *sniff* Paimon would love to try them out, but seeing as you're against it, let's leave them for now...
:{{DIcon}} It might be a trap for catching Paimons!
::'''Paimon:''' Huh!? You're saying that these desserts are actually monsters in disguise, and that when Paimon goes to eat them, they'll *chomp* gobble her down in a single bite instead...?
::'''Paimon:''' N&mdash;No way, that's impossible! But they look so lovingly made, and it might have been Lisa who made them... It seems wrong to just start eating them without asking permission...

;(Investigate desk in the southeastern room)
:'''Paimon:''' The words on these pages... Ugh, this writing's so blurred, Paimon can't make out what it says.
:'''Paimon:''' But is that a clock hanging behind the desk? It's completely still... Looks like it's broken.
:{{DIcon}} "Linger a while, thou art so fair..."
::'''Paimon:''' Huh? A&mdash;Are you okay, {{Traveler}}? Seriously, stop suddenly saying such strange things!
::'''Paimon:''' *ahem* Anyway, doesn't seem like there's anything worth looking at here. Maybe we should try somewhere else instead?
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Paimon:''' Alright, let's try looking elsewhere.

;(Investigate window at the east end)
:'''Paimon:''' Agh, it's so white outside, Paimon can't see a thing...

;(Investigate closet in the northeastern room)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like it's just an ordinary closet. What's up, {{Traveler}}, something wrong?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps we'll meet a lion in there...
::'''Paimon:''' ???
::'''Paimon:''' Uhh, why would there be a lion in a closet? Perhaps we should try somewhere else, and keep the strange comments to a minimum while we're at it...
:{{DIcon}} Let's go.
::'''Paimon:''' Alright, let's keep looking!

;(Investigate curtain in the northern room)
:'''Paimon:''' Now you mention it, this place does look a bit like a stage. But then... Shouldn't the curtains be hanging in front of the stage? D'you think they've been put here to hide something behind it?
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, never mind that for now. Let's look elsewhere.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Post-Quest Dialogue===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completing one act in the Imaginarium Theater)
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Oh no! Sorry! Guests, hello!
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 02.ogg}} '''???:''' I've been waiting here for the longest time, and nobody came... I was only planning to rest my eyes for a bit, but the sofa was so comfy, I guess I dozed off...
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Eek! The toy can talk!
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Sure can! Talking is one of the things I can do. Alright, sooo... Ah, yes! Introductions are in order, aren't they?
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 04.ogg}} '''???:''' Greetings, my dear guests. My name is... uh...
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 05.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Wait. What's my name?
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, not sure we can help you with that one, buddy... Guess you were in a pretty deep sleep, huh? Seems like you're still waking up.
:{{DIcon}} You're Sir Howlsworth.
:{{DIcon}} An Honorary Knight, much renowned and loved by all.
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 06.ogg}} '''???:''' Huh? Really!?
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're, uh, just messing with you, hehe...
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, Paimon's name is Paimon, and this is {{Traveler}}. ...Okay, great, that went well. At least this mysterious room doesn't rob everyone of their memories.
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 07.ogg}} '''???:''' I must apologize... I must have slept for so long that I can't remember what's real and what was a dream anymore. I did have a lot of dreams while I was asleep...
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 08.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Okay, concentrate... Alright, so &mdash; if I'm not mistaken... the current me is a "concierge," in charge of attending to any guests that find themselves here. Ah yes, and you may call me "Wolfy."
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay. But, um, if all you can remember are your dreams, what makes you think any of them are real experiences? They're just products of your imagination, right?
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 09.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' You mean... If it comes from my imagination, it... can't be real life? Well, it sounds like you know more about that kind of thing than I do. I can't tell the difference at all...
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 10.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I remember a time when a horrid curse was put on me. My heart was cased in unmelting ice, and I had to spend my days in agonizing solitude, surrounded by nothing but boundless tundra...
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 11.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I also remember playing with White Fang in the misty forest. We chased golden butterflies, waded through rushing streams, and shattered the very moon beneath our feet...
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 12.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' And I'll never forget marching in that celebratory procession with the other troops, being showered in confetti as I excitedly waited for Her Majesty the Queen to bestow her honor upon me... Ah, it was glorious!
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 13.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' To me, all these events are indistinguishable from real experiences. Take my latest dream for instance. I remember being in a garden of forking paths, and Madame Mage said to me...
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 14.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' "From now on, you are a concierge. Be sure to treat your guests well!"
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 15.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Then I found myself here. And like I said, I waited, and waited, and waited... and now, finally, two guests have arrived! At last, I can fulfill my duty.
:{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 16.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Is there anything else you'd like to ask me?
:{{DIcon}} About Madame Mage...
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 06a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, who is this Madame Mage? Is she really just a figure from your dream? Seems like there could be more to it than just that...
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17a 1.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Well... Madame Mage is Madame Mage. Just as you, dear guests, are guests.
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17a 2.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Her and her friends &mdash; oh, yes, and they're all mages, too! Each one of them is a master of their own type of magic. Conjuring, illusions, and so on.
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17a 3.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' One of them uses a quill pen to cast her spells. She has a very mysterious ink bottle that contains "fantasy truth." I had a little taste when she wasn't looking, and oh my goodness, it was bitter... blech...
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17a 4.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' But the other mages all love her magic. They use their powers of creation to transform her "fantasy truth" into "true fantasy."
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17a 5.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' How do they do that? I haven't the slightest idea. I'm just a toy, with stuffing for brains...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About this room...
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 06b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, what is this place? We came in here through this one door in the library, but we were never able to open it before...
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17b 1.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Ah, well, congratulations on your successful entry, dear guests! This is a special room, one that can only be accessed by those who are invited!
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17b 2.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Seeing as you two have this privilege, you can invite your friends to enter as well!
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17b 3.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' On that note, I'd better tidy up this place as soon as possible. Oh, and I should prepare some tea and snacks too. You don't mind if they're on the sweeter side, do you?
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 06b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course not! ...Wait, before we get ahead of ourselves, mind telling us where we are exactly? Are we even still in Mondstadt?
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17b 4.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Hmm. That is a difficult question. Madame Mage created this room using magic, and I don't know magic...
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17b 5.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Still, you have my guarantee as concierge that this is a safe and comfortable place. I sincerely hope you enjoy your time here.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About that book and the battle we just fought...
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17c 1.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Yes, I saw! You were magnificent! I was completely enraptured by your performance.
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 06c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...What do you mean "performance"?
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17c 2.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Well, Madame Mage says that every page of a storybook is a segment of the "present."
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17c 3.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I'm sure only the most distinguished of guests are able to take the stage as the story's protagonists, and put on a show as spectacular as yours!
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17c 4.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' What a thrilling battle... Yes, that's what every story needs to spice things up! Naturally, those are the kinds of stories I love reading the most.
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17c 5.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I wonder what would make a good title for a book about your magnificent performance? Should we call it a saga? An epic? A tale of conquest? A chronicle of combat? Ah, choices, choices.
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 17c 6.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' In any case, I do hope you will be so kind as to indulge us with more of your fine performances. ...In fact, scratch that &mdash; I'm afraid I shall have to insist! The story of the "present" is waiting to be written, and you, dear guests, are the ones to fill its pages!
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} That's all I wanted to ask.
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This place is getting more confusing by the second... But Wolfy seems alright. So... we should be fine, right? Besides...
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Our goal is to set foot in every corner of [[Teyvat]]... And the courage to boldly go where others dare not to tread is what will take us there.
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 18.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Wow, what a wonderful line! Spoken like a true adventurer!
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You bet! We're the real deal!
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 19.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Is that so? Well then, I'd better make sure I do my duty as concierge of this place. I hope this can be somewhere for you to rest and recuperate when you're weary, so that you can embark on your next adventure refreshed and renewed.
::{{A|vo tips pt002 1 wolf 20.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Come back here anytime if you get tired. I'll be sure to take good care of you!
----
;(Talk to Wolfy again before defeating a boss in the Imaginarium Theater)
:{{A|vo dialog tips pt003 wolf 01.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I'm afraid I still have some work to do before everything is ready... Thank you for your patience, my dear guests.
:{{A|vo dialog tips pt003 wolf 02.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' If you'd like, you can take the stage and perform once more. There'll be Toy Medals waiting for you in treasure chests afterwards!

;(Investigate desk)
:'''Paimon:''' The words on these pages... Ugh, this writing's so blurred, Paimon can't make out what it says.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait, is this the "mysterious ink bottle" that Wolfy mentioned?
:{{DIcon}} Looks like a perfectly normal ink bottle to me...
::'''Paimon:''' Hmm, that's true... Maybe Paimon's overthinking this. After all, you wouldn't usually find mysterious magical items like that just lying around, would you?
::'''Paimon:''' Anyway, doesn't seem like there's anything worth looking at here. Let's go, {{Traveler}}.
:{{DIcon}} Let me have a quick taste...
::'''Paimon:''' D&mdash;Don't do that! What else could ink taste like anyway!?

;(Investigate painting)
:'''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, Paimon thinks she's seen this character in a storybook before...
----
;(After defeating a boss in the Imaginarium Theater)
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 01.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Bravo, bravo. Another spellbinding performance.
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 02.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Are you interested in learning any new Thespian Tricks? By which I mean dashing and elegant poses! In fact, what would you say to a friendly exchange? I'll teach you some Thespian Tricks in return for Toy Medals from the treasure chests.
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 03.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Friendship is a wonderful thing, isn't it? Ah, just the word itself gives me a warm, fuzzy feeling in my heart and stomach...
:{{DIcon}} It is a lovely thing indeed.
::{{A|vo tips pt003 2 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep yep! Gotta love friendship... But, uh, when you say a warm, fuzzy feeling in your stomach... There is something slightly concerning about that.
:{{DIcon}} All my best friendships are built on a warm, fuzzy feeling in my stomach.
::{{A|vo tips pt003 2 paimon 01b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh for the love of... Please don't tell Paimon you're thinking about "emergency food" again? We're talking about friendship here, okay? Paimon will never understand why that's where your head goes...
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aaanyway... Are you sure you're okay with just Toy Medals? What can they be worth if they're just toys?
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 04.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' As long as you believe, even Toy Medals can be more valuable than gold. That is the magic of imagination. Madame Mage told me that. I can't say I entirely understand what she meant, but...
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 05.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' The Thespian Tricks &mdash; I actually got those from a wish I made to Madame Mage. So as long as she thinks it's a fair trade, I think it should be fine...?
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, sounds kinda ominous... Don't a lot of scary stories start out that way? You make a reckless wish to a wicked witch, but you end up regretting it when she forces you to pay an impossible price in return...
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 06.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I believe you're misunderstanding the situation, dear guest. There is absolutely nothing to fear. To start with, mages are quite different from wicked witches. And besides, I already told you what the price is &mdash; it's the Toy Medals. There's no catch!
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And you're... sure about that?
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 07.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Yes, completely! In any case... I was the one who made the wish, so if someone has to end up paying an impossible price, just leave it to me!
:{{DIcon}} ...Why do you sound so proud of that?
:{{DIcon}} We still feel a little bad...
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 08.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I enjoy watching your performances, so it's well worth it as far as I'm concerned! Hmm, I wonder how many blank pages are left in this book...
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 09.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Ah, but not to worry. Even if we run out of space, new blank pages will be added very soon!
:{{A|vo tips pt003 2 wolf 10.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I do look forward to the day when all empty pages are filled with stories...
----
;(Finalize a performance in Act 6 or higher)
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 01.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Hello, dear guests! Please, come here!
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 02.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I have some good news to share with you. This took much longer than it should have... But in any case &mdash; at long last, the new stage is now ready for action!
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 03.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' Put on a spectacular show for your audience, and you will receive a key that opens the door to the World Within the Painting...
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, hold up! First storybooks, now a world inside a painting? This place is making less and less sense all the time...
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 04.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I know what you mean! But as I read in a storybook once, if a magician reveals all their tricks to the audience, it robs them of the surprise.
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 05.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' So, it's quite right that things don't make sense. Madame Mage's magic is just like love &mdash; not something to try and make sense of, but something you just feel.
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fair enough, that explanation sorta works... But anyway, about this new World Within the Painting stage &mdash; is it any different from the other stage?
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 06.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' The World Within the Painting is a world of many rules... This new stage will put friendship and trust to the test &mdash; a classic tale!
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 07.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' And all those who pass the test will receive a small blessing from Madame Mage...
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Is it a good-luck spell or something? Like, um...
:{{DIcon}} Be careful what you wish for...
:{{DIcon}} I doubt it, and besides...
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Yep, good point, we should be careful what we wish for...
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 08.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' I assure you, there's nothing to be nervous about. The paint is already on the canvas, and Madame Mage's blessing is no longer a secret.
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 09.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' If you're ready, you can step onto the World Within the Painting stage and see for yourself.
:{{A|vo tips zjpt001 1 wolf 10.ogg}} '''Wolfy:''' As you embark on your new adventure, do as they do in the stories: Whistle your favorite tune, cast your worries aside, and keep courage in your heart.
:;(Unlock [[Envisaged Echo]]es)
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}
-->
==Trivia==
* "Linger a while, thou art so fair..." is a reference to {{w|Goethe's_Faust|''Faust''}} by Johann Wolfgang von Goethe.
* "Perhaps we'll meet a lion in there..." is a reference to ''{{w|The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe}}''.
* The second dream Wolfy describes is a reference to ''{{w|White Fang}}''.
* Madam Mage's friend with an ink bottle that contains "fantasy truth" may be the same witch described in the Artifact Set [[Nighttime Whispers in the Echoing Woods]].
* This quest makes multiple references to ''[[The Boar Princess]]'':
** The first dream Wolfy describes is similar to the wolf pup's situation.
** The girl in the painting is likely the eponymous Boar Princess.
** The dialogue about friendship and "a warm, fuzzy feeling in [the] stomach," particularly Paimon's mention of "emergency food," is likely a reference to how the Boar Princess sacrificed and ate her companions with the wolf pup.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Unbegun, Unending Story
|zhs      = 无始无终的故事
|zhs_rm   = Wúshǐwúzhōng de Gùshi
|zht      = 無始無終的故事
|zht_rm   = Wúshǐwúzhōng de Gùshi
|zh_tl    = A Story Without Beginning or End
|ja       = 始まりと終わりのない物語
|ja_rm    = Hajimari to Owari no Nai Monogatari
|ja_tl    = A Story Without Beginning or End
|ko       = 시작도 끝도 없는 이야기
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Una historia sin principio ni final
|es_tl    = A Story Without Beginning or End
|fr       = Une histoire sans début ni fin
|fr_tl    = A Story Without Beginning nor End
|ru       = Бесконечная история
|ru_tl    = Unending Story
|th       = เรื่องราวที่ไร้จุดเริ่มต้นและจุดจบ
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Câu Chuyện Không Mở Đầu Không Kết Thúc
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Geschichte ohne Anfang und Ende
|de_tl    = Story Without Beginning and End
|id       = Kisah Tanpa Awal dan Akhir
|id_tl    = Story Without A Beginning or End
|pt       = Uma História Sem Começo e Fim
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Başı ve Sonu Olmayan Bir Hikaye
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Una storia senza inizio né fine
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

[[es:Una historia sin principio ni final]]
[[vi:Câu Chuyện Không Mở Đầu Không Kết Thúc]]