{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19116
|image         = Hangout Event Under the Same Shade & Bits and Bobs for Cats and Dogs.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Host's Invitation
|next          = Ninken by the Shore
|next2         = Bits and Bobs for Cats and Dogs
|characters    = Thoma; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Under the Same Shade''''' is a quest in {{Quest|A Housekeeper's Daily Chores}}.

==Steps==
# Meet Thoma at the place where stray cats and dogs gather
# Feed the strays
# Talk to Thoma
#* Choose to go and see the ninja dog together. Go to [[Ninken by the Shore]]
#* Choose to give it some time to calm down. Go to [[Bits and Bobs for Cats and Dogs]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled while this quest is ongoing.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|There are many stray cats and dogs gathered under the sakura tree that [[Thoma]] saw.}}
===Under the Same Shade===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If the player uses an attack near the cats and dogs)
:;'''Hangout Event Ended'''<br>Your attacks have caused the stray cats and dogs to flee. They probably won't be back for some time...
----
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This is a pretty good spot, right?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' There are tons of stray cats and dogs here at the outskirts. Every time I come to [[Komore Teahouse]], I bring some food for them.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It just sort of became a tradition over time... at first it was a bit of a chore, but the more time I spent with them, the more I came to enjoy it.
:{{DIcon}} They seem to like you a lot.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You think so? Well, feed them enough times, and I'm sure you'll win their affection, too.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Not only that, you'll also start to feel that they're your responsibility. Whenever you have any free time, you'll find yourself desperate to come and visit them.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Why don't you try feeding them, {{Traveler}}?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I brought some of their favorite food just so you can get into their good graces.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, I guess I'll try.
:{{DIcon}} Is it definitely safe?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Don't worry, I've trained them to not be aggressive toward humans.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' They'll still run away if they find someone threatening, but I'm pretty sure they'll like you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You're an approachable person, and they can tell. Animals are very sensitive to these things.
;(Obtain [[Fresh Meat]] ×1 and [[Fresh Fish (Thoma)|Fresh Fish]] ×1)
----
;(Talk to Thoma again)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911601 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Just place some food here, and they'll come running.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Hungry?===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Thoma)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That didn't take long. Look at that, best buds already!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Some of the dogs are even showing their bellies &mdash; that's a sign they really trust you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, you'll rarely see [[Taroumaru]] roll onto his back, though. He's a ninja dog, so he's always on guard in case an enemy approaches...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Speaking of ninja dogs, I actually saw one the other day on the beach north of [[Konda Village]].
:{{DIcon}} Why would there be ninja dogs in the wild?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That's the thing. They rarely go off on their own. Usually, they stick with their human ninja partners.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' After retiring, most ninja dogs are taken in by their partner. Or sometimes, someone else in the [[Yashiro Commission]] will take them in.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It's extremely rare to find them on their own in the wild. So it makes me a little concerned.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't you adopt it?
:{{DIcon}} We could adopt it together?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha, believe me, I wanted to bring it back to the Yashiro Commission. But it wouldn't let me.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I tried establishing some trust by petting it on the head, but it gave me a nasty bite.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Still, I don't wanna give up on it... Nobody really goes out that way, and I don't know what it would have to eat out there.
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we go and see it together?
:;(Proceed to [[#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps you should give it some time to calm down.
:;(Procees to [[#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Why don't we go and see it together?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That would be great. Even though it's not the most approachable dog, I still want to give it another try.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It seems to sit in the same spot on the beach all day, only moving to take a few paces back when the tide comes in. Last time I saw it, its fur was soaking wet.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 20.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ultimately, bringing it back to the Yashiro Commission is going to be a lot better for it than leaving it sitting out in the elements all day.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 21.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Or... we could even bring it back to Komore Teahouse, to make friends with Taroumaru...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 22.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, let's see if we even get that far.
:;(Proceed to [[Ninken by the Shore]])
{{Dialogue End}}

===Branch 2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps you should give it some time to calm down.:
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That's a good idea.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It was in a very aggressive mood the last time I saw it. I'm worried it might bite you if we tried to approach it, though.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let's wait until it's in need before going to its aid &mdash; that's probably safer.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But back to our other animal friends. Now that the weather's getting colder, I'm wondering whether I should knit some sweaters for these strays.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Problem is, most of them don't actually like being touched, so I can't take their measurements very easily.
:{{DIcon}} We could photograph them?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That's not a bad idea! We could take photos of them from different angles, then work out their measurements by using other objects in the picture as a reference...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911602 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' See, you're the real fixer here. Let's give it a try!
:;(Proceed to [[Bits and Bobs for Cats and Dogs]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Under the Same Shade
|zhs     = 在同一片树荫下
|zhs_rm  = Zài Tóng Yīpiàn Shùyīn Xià
|zht     = 在同一片樹蔭下
|zht_rm  = Zài Tóng Yīpiàn Shùyīn Xià
|zh_tl   = Under the Same Tree Shade
|ja      = 同じ木陰の下で
|ja_rm   = Onaji Kokage no Shita de
|ja_tl   = Under the Same Tree Shade
|ko      = 같은 그늘 아래
|ko_tl   = Under the Same Shade
|es      = Bajo una misma sombra
|es_tl   = Under the Same Shade
|fr      = Sous la même ombre
|fr_tl   = Under the Same Shade
|ru      = В тени одного дерева
|ru_tl   = Under the Shade of the Same Tree
|th      = ใต้ร่มไม้เดียวกัน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Dưới Cùng Bóng Cây
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unter dem gleichen Schatten
|de_tl   = Under the Same Shade
|id      = Di Bawah Pohon yang Sama
|id_tl   = Under the Same Tree
|pt      = Sob a sombra da mesma árvore
|pt_tl   = Under the Shadow of the Same Tree
|tr      = Aynı Gölgenin Altında
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sotto la stessa ombra
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}