{{About|the Web Event|the Event Card|Underwater Treasure Hunt}}
{{Event
|name              = Underwater Treasure Hunt
|image             = Underwater Treasure Hunt (Web Event).png
|type              = Web
|group             = <!--Flagship/Login/Submission-->
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-05-29 00:00:00
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2024-06-11 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://fxtwitter.com/GenshinImpact/status/1795666382677254652
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240514promotion-4h9j6/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
<!--{{Description|}}-->
'''Underwater Treasure Hunt''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.6]].

==Event Details==
===Event Gameplay Duration===
* 2024/05/29 – 2024/06/11 23:59 (UTC+8)

===Coupon Validity Period===
* 2024/05/29 – 2024/06/28 23:59 (UTC+8)

===Requirements===
* [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

===Event Description===
# During the event, log in to the website with a HoYoverse Account that has been linked to an email address (supported third-party platform accounts: Google account, Apple ID, Twitter, Facebook account).
# During the event, each Traveler can earn 3 compass usages by completing 1 game login mission (can only be completed once).
# There are 4 types of event rewards: {{Item|Primogem|x=40}} & online top-up coupon, {{Item List|Sanctifying Unction*2;Adventurer's Experience*5;Mora*15,000|mode = sent}}
# During the event, Travelers will receive rewards from the prize pool when using the compass. {{Item|Primogem|x=40}} & online top-up coupon can only be obtained once.
# For this event, each Traveler will only be able to participate once using their own HoYoverse Account. Under a single account, only the UID that was first used to take part in the event will be considered as a valid participating UID, and Travelers will not be permitted to use other people's accounts to take part.

===Reward Details===
:{| class="wikitable"
! Reward Name !! Single-Time Probability
|-
| {{Item|Primogem|x=40}} & online top-up coupon &times;1 || 0.33%
|-
| {{Item|Sanctifying Unction|x=2}} || 19.67%
|-
| {{Item|Adventurer's Experience|x=5}} || 40.00%
|-
| {{Item|Mora|x=15,000}} || 40.00%
|}

===Notes===
# Aside from the online top-up coupon, all other in-game rewards will be distributed instantly via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# The online top-up coupon is not an in-game item and will be automatically issued to the corresponding account. Please use the coupon within its validity period. This coupon is only applicable for use on the official Genshin Impact website top-up center (https://sdk.hoyoverse.com/payment/genshin/index.html).
# Players can visit the game's official website for more information on HoYoverse Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with HoYoverse Privacy Policy.
# If a Traveler participates in this event or claims rewards through improper means (such as using plug-in scripts, cheat tools, or any other unfair methods), the organizer reserves the right to disqualify them and adjust/cancel rewards, as well as carry out account sanctions in accordance with the Terms of Service.
# Depending on local laws and regulations, Travelers are responsible for declaring and bearing any taxes or fees related to event rewards.
# This event is subject to the Genshin Impact [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/terms Terms of Service] and [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/company/privacy Privacy Policy]. Travelers participating in the event must adhere to the aforementioned rules.
# If players have any questions regarding this web event, please contact HoYoverse via the Customer Service email address: genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com
# This event is hosted by HoYoverse. References to third-party organizations are for informational and identification purposes only, and are not intended to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with HoYoverse or the event.

===How to Use Online Top-Up Coupons===
# How to Use: This coupon can only be used when topping up via the Genshin Impact online top-up store.
# Usage Channels: This coupon can only be used with bank cards and PayPal. Currently, other top-up channels do not support the use of official website top-up coupons. Please check the top-up center on the official website for payment channels available in different regions.
# Discount Rate: Transactions using this coupon will enjoy a 5% discount on the item price. Any taxes or handling fees are not eligible for coupon discounts.
# Validity Period: The coupon is valid until the expiration date indicated. Please use it within the validity period as it will be invalid once expired.
# Usage Method: This coupon can only be used once and only one coupon can be applied per order. Once used and verified, the coupon cannot be returned or refunded.
# Non-Transferable: The coupon is for the holder's use only and cannot be transferred to others.
# Specific Products/Services: This coupon may not be usable with certain products. Please refer to the event details page or contact Customer Service for more information.
# Misuse: HoYoverse reserve the right to cancel orders or refuse to provide services if the coupon usage rules have been violated/abused.
# Customer Service: Users that participate in this event are deemed to have understood and agreed to the event rules. For any questions or assistance, please contact HoYoverse Customer Service team (genshin_payment@hoyoverse.com), and HoYoverse will be happy to assist players.
# Reminder: Genesis Crystals obtained by topping up through the online top-up platform are regular Genesis Crystals (and not Genesis Crystals purchased through PlayStation). They can only be obtained and used when logging in on PC or mobile devices.
<!--
==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|item1 = count
|item2 = count
|sort  = item1,item2
}}
-->
==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Underwater Treasure Hunt
|zhs     = 海底寻宝
|zhs_rm  = Hǎidǐ Xúnbǎo
|zht     = 海底尋寶
|zht_rm  = Hǎidǐ Xúnbǎo
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 海底のお宝探し
|ja_rm   = Kaitei no Otakara Sagashi
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 해저 보물찾기
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Búsqueda submarina del tesoro
|es_tl   = Underwater Treasure Hunt
|fr      = Chasse au trésor sous-marine
|fr_tl   = Undersea Treasure Hunt
|ru      = Поиск подводных сокровищ
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ล่าสมบัติใต้ทะเล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Kho Báu Biển Sâu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schatzsuche im Meer
|de_tl   = Treasure Hunt in the Sea
|id      = Pemburuan Harta di Dasar Laut
|id_tl   = Treasure Hunt at the Bottom of the Sea
|pt      = Caça ao Tesouro Submarino
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Su Altında Hazine Avı
|tr_tl   = Underwater Treasure Hunt
|it      = In cerca di tesori sommersi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}

[[ru:Поиск подводных сокровищ]]