{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14029
|image         = Story Quest Underground Crime.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Nereides Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 3
|act           = The Warmth of Lies
|character     = Sigewinne
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Antibes; Audree; Ceasth; Dupond; Dupont; Enri; Gascon; Houilles; Lazare; Morgane; Paimon; Potton; Rawat; Sick Old Lady; Sigewinne; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Administrative Area]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Liffey Region
|subarea       = Fortress of Meropide
|poi           = Administrative Area
|prev          = Switcheroo
|next          = The Truth of What Was
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*650;Mora*44,000;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Underground Crime''' is the third part of {{Quest|The Warmth of Lies}}.

==Steps==
# Go to Rawat's private lab
# Enter the [[Rawat's Private Laboratory|underground lab]]
# Search deeper
# Look for a way to go deeper
# Head into the deepest part of the lab
# Subdue the fugitive
# Get out via the way you came
# Head to Potton's destination
# Enter Potton's mother's residence

==Gameplay Notes==
* During steps 3–6, a trial [[Sigewinne]] joins the party.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8, 9
|character_name          = Sigewinne

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name8            = Silvershower Heartstrings
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 40,306
|atk8                    = 1,608
|def8                    = 607
|em8                     = 145
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%

<!-- WL 9 Stats-->
|character_level9        = 90
|constellation9          = 3
|weapon_name9            = Silvershower Heartstrings
|weapon_level9           = 90
|refinement9             = 3
|normal_attack_talent9   = 11
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 13
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 10
|hp9                     = 58,086
|atk9                    = 1,266
|def9                    = 607
|em9                     = 105
|crit_rate9              = 26.0%
|crit_dmg9               = 91.9%
|er9                     = 135.0%
|artifact_flower9        = Flower of Accolades
|artifact_feather9       = Vibrant Pinion
|artifact_sands9         = Orichalceous Time-Dial
|artifact_goblet9        = Feast of Boundless Joy
|artifact_circlet9       = General's Ancient Helm
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                  = Tenacity of the Millelith
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 2
|set2_9                  = Vourukasha's Glow
|set2_piece_bonus_9      = 2
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After Sigewinne finally finishes a busy day as head nurse, it seems as though a new problem has already arrived...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's Officer Morgane, they're already here!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 1 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' We came as soon as we heard the news... I can't believe we were so careless. The most crucial information of all was hiding right there, in that room, and we missed it...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 1 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Don't blame yourself. Right now, we need to focus on finding a way in.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a mechanical door over here... Hopefully the instructions in Rawat's journal will help us open it.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 1 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' It's open. Let's go in.

;(Approach the enemies)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 1 lazare 01.ogg}} '''Lazare:''' How did they get in here?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 1 dupont 01.ogg}} '''Dupont:''' Captain, up ahead! Those look like our fugitives!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 1 morgane 03.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' So they found this place too... Don't let any of them escape!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 dupont 02.ogg}} '''Dupont:''' Captain! According to our list, many of the fugitives aren't accounted for. There may be others hiding deeper inside the facility.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 morgane 03.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Ah. So these guys were just the lookout crew...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 lazare 01.ogg}} '''"Odilon":''' The [[Marechaussee Phantom]]? How did they find this place!?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... it's that guard from the [[Fortress of Meropide|Fortress]]...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 lazare 02.ogg}} '''"Odilon":''' That's right, I'm on your side! Uh... I mean, the [[Wriothesley|Duke]] sent me. What's the matter? Some sort of mixup?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Mr. Odilon, didn't I tell you a few days ago that you need to stop all field work until you've recovered?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 lazare 03.ogg}} '''"Odilon":''' Ah, well, y'know... Gotta help His Grace out, share the load! *coughing*
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Officer Morgane, this man is an impostor. The real Mr. Odilon has no recent health issues.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 lazare 04.ogg}} '''{{tt|"Odilon"|Title: Face-Swapping Criminal}}:''' What? But, I...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Looks like the Head Nurse was right about the face-swapping method... Arrest them all!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Dupont, stay here and keep guard &mdash; and watch the exit. If we're not back soon, call for reinforcements.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 2 dupont 01.ogg}} '''Dupont:''' Got it!

;(Talk to Dupont, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq003 dupont 01.ogg}} '''Dupont:''' Don't worry, I got this covered.

;(Proceed deeper into the lab)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So many jars. Was this some sort of production facility?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' This scent... It's probably the ingredients used to make Butterfly Dew.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How come they're all empty? Did it sell so well that he ran out of supplies?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' How strange... Why would Rawat choose to manufacture a popular product like that in such a difficult-to-reach location?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Given our suspicion that he may have been coerced into the illegal drug trade, I would have thought that any production facility we find here would be used for illicit purposes.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Perhaps Butterfly Dew is itself an illegal drug.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 morgane 03.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Do you have any evidence for that claim?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' No, just a guess. We need to find Rawat as soon as possible. He has all the answers we need.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 morgane 04.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Understood. Well, let's not linger here. Let's go, come on!

;(Interact with the Production Log, optional)
::'''Production Log'''
::...
::&nbsp;
::&nbsp;
::Been receiving less and less of the source fluid. Is it because of [[Prophecy of Fontaine|the flood]] after all? At least we'll be able to make our scheduled release after this batch is ready.
::&nbsp;
::&nbsp;
::...

;(Approach the door)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't look like we're gonna get this door open... Let's find another way around.

;(Approach the second door)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gah, this one's closed too... Hmm, what's with those carts and tracks?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! Maybe it's one of those doors that opens when it senses cargo passing through?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There's a {{Color|buzzword|loaded cart}} right over there. Let's bring it to the door and give it a try!

;(After 1 minute passes)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like this thing is for switching tracks. Let's bring the cart onto it.

;(Approach the device)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This room's much smaller than the others.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 4 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Judging by the implements on the table, this looks like a potion-making lab.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 4 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Head Nurse! Over here!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see... Huh, Rawat's clothes? Why would he change here?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 4 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hmm... Perhaps they stripped him down, left the clothes behind, and disposed of him somewhere else?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes, Sigewinne, where did that come from!?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 4 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' What a tragic way to go... Especially with such a bright future ahead of him...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 4 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' There's a path leading further on, Officer Morgane. Let's keep up the pace.

;(Interact with the Experiment Log, optional)
::'''Experiment Log'''
::...
::&nbsp;
::&nbsp;
::The supply of the source fluid has completely dried up. Though that means this final batch'll be able to fetch a good price, finding a new way to refine the liquid might be a better use of it.
::&nbsp;
::&nbsp;
::...
::&nbsp;
::No, it's too late.
::&nbsp;
::&nbsp;
::...

;(Approach the next room)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Shh! There's a whole bunch of people in there!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 01.ogg}} '''{{tt|"Houilles"|Title: Face-Swapping Criminal}}:''' Are you serious? You're telling us that within a day, our faces are going to rot like yours?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 01.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Fontainian physiology changed dramatically after that great flood, and it's not as compatible with this face-changing solution as before. The side effects are as you can see.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 02.ogg}} '''"Houilles":''' Why didn't you say anything before we all used it!?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 02.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Look. My plan got you all out of prison, didn't it? You'd have much bigger problems to worry about right now if the Marechaussee Phantom found out about your other crimes... Consider an ugly mug getting off lightly.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 03.ogg}} '''"Houilles":''' Ugh, you're just lucky we didn't leave you in there, after you disappeared on us with no warning! We only let it slide 'cause we're former partners... and now you have the gall to pull a stunt like this?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 03.ogg}} '''Potton:''' "Partners"? Make no mistake, each of us is only looking out for himself. If you place too much trust in others, well I'm afraid that's your problem.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 04.ogg}} '''Potton:''' You hid things from me, too. Remember how you each had a spare potion, yet kept quiet about it until we planned the prison break?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 04.ogg}} '''"Houilles":''' Oh, and you didn't have a secret spare? Then do you wanna explain how you melted your face off before all this?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 enri 01.ogg}} '''{{tt|"Erick"|Title: Face-Swapping Criminal}}:''' Guys, that's enough, calm down. It is what it is. Arguing won't change anything.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 enri 02.ogg}} '''"Erick":''' What's the plan, Potton? I'm assuming you brought us here for a reason?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 05.ogg}} '''"Houilles":''' There is no plan! We followed him here on the promise of more juice, but it turns out there ain't a drop here!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 06.ogg}} '''"Houilles":''' Besides, what does it matter now anyway? He already said, even if we did get our hands on more of that stuff, switching faces again solves nothing. They're still gonna melt off eventually.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 enri 03.ogg}} '''"Erick":''' I said, enough arguing! Potton, tell us the plan.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 05.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Hmph. The most practical solution is to continue using the potion. Keep switching to a new face before the ulcers can start forming.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 07.ogg}} '''"Houilles":''' Are you kidding me? This stuff was hard enough to get hold of even when we had a supply. Now you're asking us to use it like skin lotion, after the flood all but wiped the supply out!?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 06.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Well, there is another option. But you'll have to make a deal with me first.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 enri 04.ogg}} '''"Erick":''' Okay, now we're talking. What's the deal?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 07.ogg}} '''Potton:''' I have a document I took from that researcher that details how to make a replacement. Just give me one bottle of the undiluted fluid, and I will get to work.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 enri 05.ogg}} '''"Erick":''' Uhh...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 08.ogg}} '''Potton:''' What's the problem? I thought you always kept reserves? Or did you really just have one spare bottle each?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 08.ogg}} '''"Houilles":''' What do you think? That we were shipping them into the Fortress of Meropide by the basketload?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 09.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Well then... say hello to never showing your marred faces in public again!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 gaston 09.ogg}} '''"Houilles":''' Gah, I've heard enough! Get him! Let's see if that document even exists!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Freeze! Marechaussee Phantom!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 10.ogg}} '''Potton:''' What? Who let them in?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Officer Morgane, before anything else, please find out Rawat's status.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 11.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Rawat...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' I don't see him... Hand over the hostage now, if you want any chance of avoiding an extension to your sentences.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 potton 12.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Hahaha... Spare us your condescending attempts to coax us back to our cells! You think we're looking to negotiate? Rawat is dead!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Potton...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 5 morgane 03.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Arrest them all! Don't let anyone get away!

;(After defeating the enemies)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Gotta say, I never expected to see the head nurse in combat...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Some patients respond better to a more aggressive treatment plan. Did we get everyone?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 dupond 01.ogg}} '''Dupond:''' Captain, we've finished the headcount &mdash; Potton's missing...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Over there! The door's closing!
:{{Color|menu|As the exit gate locks into place, you realize that Potton escaped to the control room in the chaos.}}
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 01.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Hah, one group trying to arrest me, another trying to hunt me down... Good, I get to kill two birds with one stone.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' How did he get up there? There must be a secret passage somewhere. Find it!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 02.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Don't waste your energy. I already sealed it off.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 morgane 03.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' How naive. We have more people outside. If we're not back out by the agreed time, they'll come to our rescue.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 03.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Well then, you'd better hope they get here in time!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' There's some kind of gas leaking from the pipes... Be careful, it's poisonous.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 04.ogg}} '''Potton:''' This is our distribution center, where we store the product derived from our source solution. We had to use special fire prevention methods to prevent contamination.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 05.ogg}} '''Potton:''' The pipe network here was designed to emit a gas for firefighting. One little modification later, and it makes an efficient death trap.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Why would you do this? Your partners are here too.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 06.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Oh, please. If they can't supply what I need, they're of no further use to me. Besides, I can't have them exposing my potential whereabouts.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's a maniac... C'mon, we've gotta find a way to open that door!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 07.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Go ahead, struggle in vain. Once the last of you croaks, no one will ever find me again. So long!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Are you sure you're ready to leave, Potton? You haven't changed your dressing today.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 08.ogg}} '''Potton:''' ...You can't cure my face. Just give up.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' And what if I could?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 09.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Hmph... Nice try, you're just trying to stall me. Don't you worry about me, I'll find a way to cure my face once I get out of here.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, I doubt it. After all, Fontainians can no longer dissolve in [[Primordial Seawater]].
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 10.ogg}} '''Potton:''' What the... How did you...!?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' The key component of the face-changing potion is the fluid left behind by dissolved Fontainians. It might look like ordinary water, but it has some unique elements in it.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Before the flood, all Fontainians were [[Oceanid]]s, physiologically speaking.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 09.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' A potion made from that fluid could dissolve and reconstruct the face of a Fontainian, in much the same way as [[Hydro Eidolon]]s change form.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 10.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Theoretically, it could give someone any appearance they wished.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 11.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' But since the flood, Fontainians have become true humans. They can no longer provide the source material for this potion, nor reap its benefits.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 morgane 04.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Are you saying... this potion is made from Fontainians dissolved with Primordial Seawater? Then their crimes are far worse than I thought...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 11.ogg}} '''Potton:''' How could you know all of this? No, wait... Hahaha, of course! Well, well. So that's why you have a human appearance.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 12.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' It also means that I have a formula you're unaware of. *cough* ...The air's getting thicker... It's getting hard to breathe.
:{{Color|menu|Hearing the conversation, Potton temporarily closes the pipe valve.}}
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 12.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Heh, I might get to make a deal today after all. Alright, keep talking. How do you intend to give me the formula?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 13.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh, it's not a formula, but a finished product. I have a bottle of it right here.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 13.ogg}} '''Potton:''' What?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 14.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' When I tried Rawat's skincare product, I noticed it had a certain special component in it. So I had my friends gather some other ingredients for me, and sure enough, a little experimenting later, I'd produced the potion.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 15.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'm guessing his skincare lotion contains the fruits of your joint research?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 14.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Huh. Impressive guesswork. Yeah, we were his supplier for some of the raw ingredients.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp*
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 15.ogg}} '''Potton:''' But it only contains a tiny amount of the active ingredient. The effect is miniscule compared to the undiluted fluid.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 16.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Well, I found a way to reverse the dilution process, giving the skincare lotion a similar effect to the fluid it is derived from.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 16.ogg}} '''Potton:''' That's impossible...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 17.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' If I tell you some of the ingredients, I think you can figure it out. First, you need to combine [[Tainted Hydro Phantasm]] tissue with [[Transoceanic Pearl]]s at a ratio of around three to seven.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 17.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Tainted Hydro Phantasms and Transoceanic Pearls? Ah, I see... Can't believe I never thought of that...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 18.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' So. Can we make a deal?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 18.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Sounds good to me. There's a delivery pipeline beneath this window. Drop the potion in, and I'll release you all.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 19.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Nope, not trusting you that easily. You're like those naughty kids who try to hide their illness. Open the sluice gate first, then I'll hand you the potion.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 19.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Hmph. Even if you're not bluffing, your potion won't cure my face permanently... You really think you have any leverage here?
:{{Color|menu|Potton restarts the valve, and the poison gas begins leaking once more...}}
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 20.ogg}} '''Potton:''' I'm not closing the valve this time. Clock's ticking.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 20.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Fine, then I'll just stand here with the potion in my hand. And when I faint from the poison, I'll drop it and it'll be destroyed.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 potton 21.ogg}} '''Potton:''' No...
:{{Color|menu|Potton hesitates for a moment, but finally chooses to raise the gate.}}
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's open!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 morgane 05.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Disable that sluice gate! Jam it! Don't let it close again!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 sigewinne 21.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That's more like it. In that case, a promise is a promise.
:{{Color|menu|Sigewinne places the potion she is holding into the delivery pipeline.}}
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 6 morgane 06.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Head Nurse, there's too much poison gas in here. We have to leave, now!

;(After leaving the domain)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... That was too close! That Potton is a real nasty piece of work...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Don't be too quick to sit down. Moving around a little will help relieve the soreness.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Same goes for you, {{Traveler}}. But Paimon, you should be fine, right?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Flying fast is pretty tiring too, actually! Anyway, that's not important right now. Paimon's still shocked to learn that there was a whole criminal operation going on behind that skincare lotion.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Shame I ended up giving the improved version to Potton after finally making it for you... I'll make you some more, I promise.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No no no, please don't... Paimon doesn't wanna use that stuff anymore. Still, it was a pretty good job that Paimon wanted to buy some in the first place, huh? It ended up saving everyone's lives! That's gotta count for something.
:{{DIcon}} Sigewinne was the one doing the saving.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, yeah, Paimon was just kidding...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Head Nurse, I've done a final headcount of our team and the criminals. Everyone's here and doing fine. We're ready to escort the fugitives back to the Fortress of Meropide.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' It's a shame that we didn't find Rawat. At this point, I'm afraid he's probably deceased.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* What a horrible bunch. Especially that Potton guy. If he hadn't made good on that deal, we'd all be dead because of him.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' No we wouldn't. I always keep a whole of bunch antidotes on me for emergencies, and one of them neutralizes that poison gas. We'd have been fine, even if he hadn't opened the gate.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? Then why did you give him the potion?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 morgane 03.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' ...If this is true, I must concur. Sorry to be blunt, but I think you made a bad decision by handing him that bottle.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 morgane 04.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' If he changes his appearance and flees Fontaine, it's unlikely that we'll ever find him, no matter how cooperative his accomplices are when we question them.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' No, you don't understand. I gave him the potion precisely so we could be sure where he'll go next.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 morgane 05.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' What do you mean?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 7 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' We gotta hurry. She won't last much longer.
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|As all the other fugitives are rounded up, only Potton escapes the net. However, Sigewinne seems to have a good idea of where he's heading...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the house)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 ceasth 01.ogg}} '''Ceasth:''' Don't move a muscle! I might be short, but I pack a mean punch!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 ceasth 02.ogg}} '''Ceasth:''' Captain? You're just in time. While I was lying in wait, I spotted this crook snooping around, trying to find a way in. So I detained him.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 01.ogg}} '''Intruder:''' Hmph...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, his face...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Are you... Potton? So this is where you were heading, huh?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 morgane 02.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' This is how Potton looked before his face was marred. His current appearance matches the mugshot on his arrest warrant.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hmm... I see.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so what's going on? Wasn't the whole point of the potion to disguise himself and escape Fontaine? Why would change back to his original face and run right into our trap!?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 02.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Enough of this nonsense! Let me in!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 ceasth 03.ogg}} '''Ceasth:''' You better pipe down! There's an old lady in there who's very sick. No way are we letting a crook like you inside!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 03.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Ugh, to heck with it... Listen to me! I'm Rawat! That's my mother in there!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's gotta be lying, right? Rawat was a victim in all this, he was forced into it against his will... How could he and this monster be the same person?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 04.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Forced again his will? Hahahaha... That's the funniest thing I've heard all day.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 05.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Back when I was being coerced, everyone thought I was colluding of my own free will. And then when I actually became a criminal in my own right, you all suddenly thought I must be under duress!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 06.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Amazing what a difference a handsome face makes!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 morgane 03.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Save us the speech. Explain yourself!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 07.ogg}} '''Potton:''' You want an explanation? Fine, I'll tell it how it is.
<!-- Flashback begins -->
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 08.ogg}} '''Potton:''' When I was just Potton, the whole world treated me with contempt.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 audree 01.ogg}} '''Audree:''' Ew. What do you want? Get away from me...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 09.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Women despised me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 antibes 01.ogg}} '''Antibes:''' Collaborate? Pff, you don't look like much of a researcher to me...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 10.ogg}} '''Potton:''' My peers scorned me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 enri 01.ogg}} '''Enri:''' Mr. Potton, was it? I'm most interested in your research. Consider my offer carefully &mdash; I doubt you'll find other investment opportunities.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 11.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Only villains would work with me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 gaston 01.ogg}} '''Gascon:''' You want out of the game? Forget about it. Turns out I slipped up a little &mdash; left your picture with some Marechaussee Phantom officers... Easy mistake to make. Now they've listed you as an accomplice and drawn up an arrest warrant.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 gaston 02.ogg}} '''Gascon:''' So I suggest you put any thoughts of running away to rest.... If you get caught by the [[Garde]]s for being in the [[Sinthe]] business, you ain't ever seeing the light of day again! Hahahaha...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 12.ogg}} '''Potton:''' There was no way out for me...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 13.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Until... I could stop being Potton.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 audree 02.ogg}} '''Audree:''' Mr. Rawat, I, um... I have something I'd like to tell you.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 01.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' I became popular with women.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 antibes 02.ogg}} '''Antibes:''' This new potion you've developed is fascinating &mdash; genius, in fact! Would you consider working with me? I'd be happy to sign a licensing agreement...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 02.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' My peers looked up to me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 enri 02.ogg}} '''Enri:''' I'm very interested in your research, Sir. You must no doubt have offers from countless investors, so far be it from me to ask for a full collaboration, per se &mdash; I merely wanted to express my interest... No pressure at all, naturally.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 03.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' And the villains even began to fear me.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 04.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' Becoming Rawat showed me what a superficial world we live in.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 05.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' But I did not hold a grudge. After all, this superficiality could be made to work in my favor.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 06.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' Or so I thought... But alas, the world seemed bent on finding a reason to make me despise it.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 07.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' Mother, I'm back! How are you doing?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sickoldlady 01.ogg}} '''Sick Old Lady:''' ...Hmm... Who are you?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 08.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' I bought the best medicine Mora could buy, but nothing would cure her illness... In the end, I hoped at least that she could see her son one last time before she passed, but...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 rawat 09.ogg}} '''Rawat:''' ...When everyone else rejected me, the only person who cared about me was my mother. Then, when I became a rising star in the Fontaine Research Institute, I was unrecognizable to her.
<!-- Flashback ends -->
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 14.ogg}} '''Potton:''' I have to let her see me again, even if it means donning my own wretched, ugly face...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 15.ogg}} '''Potton:''' ...Well? Is that enough explaining for you? Now do you understand? Let me inside already!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 morgane 04.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Have you ever considered if you'll even be able to look your mother in the eyes, after what you've done?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 morgane 05.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' You found a way to completely change your identity. You could easily have escaped from them... But no, you chose to keep working with them!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 16.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Hmph, why would I want to give up on such a lucrative business? The profits were dozens of times that of the Sinthe business, and it was all above board!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you kept being a villain just for the money!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 17.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Villain? By what standard? Is doing evil deeds really what makes someone a villain in your eyes, or does it all come down to the way they look? None of you saw a villain when I was wearing my other face, did you?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 18.ogg}} '''Potton:''' You have no right to judge me! You're all just fake people living in a hypocritical world. I regret nothing! My mother would understand!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You... You're a villain to the core! But especially that tongue!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Honestly, I don't see a villain when I look at your current face, either.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 19.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Don't humor me. You don't seem surprised by my confession in the least. How long have you known the truth?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I didn't know anything for sure until you chose to take that potion bottle and spare our lives. But if you're asking when I started suspecting you, it was the first time you came to see me at the infirmary.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I had to confirm my suspicions. That's why I chose to join this investigation.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 20.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Are you kidding me? A young, promising researcher and a wretched criminal? What on earth gave you the idea that they could be one and the same person?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Well, there were no visual clues &mdash; this potion's face-changing effects are very powerful. Even as a Melusine, I couldn't see through the disguise.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' But I believe I understand humanity a little better than most of my kind. Humans have certain fundamental qualities that do not change with their appearance.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 21.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Fundamental qualities, huh? So, you think you're the one who's seen through me, do you?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 22.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Most people probably don't know this, but I think I can guess what your deal is. Melusine constitutions are very close to that of water, so it stands to reason that the potion should work on them, too.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 23.ogg}} '''Potton:''' You used it yourself, didn't you? That's why you have a human appearance.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sigewinne?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 07.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Yes, you're right.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 24.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Haha... I'll bet it was back in the days when Melusines were discriminated against because of their appearance.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 25.ogg}} '''Potton:''' It was either carry on living in the gutters as part of an alien race cast out by humanity, or become the Head Nurse of the Fortress of Meropide, revered by all. Not a hard choice to make. It's a no-brainer.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 26.ogg}} '''Potton:''' So you see? You and I, we're the same! And I'm the one who saw through you!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 08.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' That's not important right now. You came here to see your mother, didn't you? Well, I can grant you your wish.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 potton 27.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Huh...?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 morgane 06.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Head Nurse, I'm not sure that's a good idea in his current state.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 09.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Don't worry. Back in the warehouse when I traded the potion for our lives, I was doing it to test him.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 10.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' He was willing to risk sacrificing his only chance of escaping capture by opening the gate in exchange for the potion, all so he could see his mother again. If nothing else, his concern for his mother is genuine.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 morgane 07.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' I see...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 sigewinne 11.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' So before you arrest him, please allow him to see his mother one last time. {{Traveler}} and I will accompany him &mdash; you have nothing to worry about.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 8 morgane 08.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Alright. I understand.

;(Talk to Ceasth, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq003 ceasth 01.ogg}} '''Ceasth:''' I don't trust this guy much. Be careful.

;(Talk to Morgane, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog sgwlq003 morgane 01.ogg}} '''Morgane:''' Join the Head Nurse inside. If he tries anything, anything at all, shout.

;(Enter the house)
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 01.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Mom? It's me, Potton, your son! You recognize me now... don't you?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sickoldlady 01.ogg}} '''Sick Old Lady:''' *cough*
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 02.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Mom...! What's wrong?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sigewinne 01.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'm sorry, but I have some bad news. I examined your mother last time we were here, and it appears that due to her prolonged fever, she's... lost her eyesight.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 03.ogg}} '''Potton:''' What?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sigewinne 02.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Your appearance no longer has any bearing on her ability to recognize you. But... there are always other ways to remind our loved ones who we are... wouldn't you say?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 04.ogg}} '''Potton:''' No no, it can't be... Please, Mom, open your eyes! It's me, your son, Potton! If... If you really can't see my face, then... here, take my hand... Tell me you feel your son's hand!
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sickoldlady 02.ogg}} '''Sick Old Lady:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 05.ogg}} '''Potton:''' I've done so much to get to this point... Please, you have to recognize me...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sickoldlady 03.ogg}} '''Sick Old Lady:''' *cough*
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 06.ogg}} '''Potton:''' No, no, no... No!
:{{Color|menu|Sigewinne grasps the old woman's hands...}}
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sigewinne 03.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Hm, the temperature of his palm must have changed. ...I'm sorry. It seems I couldn't bring him back to you after all.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sickoldlady 04.ogg}} '''Sick Old Lady:''' ...Ahh, it's you... Thank you.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sigewinne 04.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' Oh... Of course.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 07.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Mom... Why will you answer her, and not me? Why? Why!?
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sigewinne 05.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' No more questions, Potton. She's gone.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 08.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Mom! Mom...
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 sigewinne 06.ogg}} '''Sigewinne:''' I'm sorry to say this, Potton, but you and I are not the same.
:{{A|vo sgwlq003 9 potton 09.ogg}} '''Potton:''' Hmph... *sigh*
:{{Black Screen|Potton is eventually taken away by members of the Marechaussee Phantom. A day passes in a flash.}}
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Underground Crime
|zhs      = 地下的罪行
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 地下的罪行
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 地下の犯罪
|ja_rm    = Chika no Hanzai
|ja_tl    = Underground Crime
|ko       = 지하 속 범죄
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Crímenes bajo tierra
|es_tl    = Underground Crimes
|fr       = Crime souterrain
|fr_tl    = Underground Crime
|ru       = Подземное преступление
|ru_tl    = Underground Crime
|th       = อาชญากรรมใต้ดิน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tội Ác Dưới Lòng Đất
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Untergrundkriminalität
|de_tl    = Underground Crime
|id       = Kejahatan di Bawah Tanah
|id_tl    = Underground Crime
|pt       = Crime Subterrâneo
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yer Altı Suçları
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Crimini nel sottosuolo
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}