{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Undying One's Mourning Bell.png
|set = Long Night's Oath
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A bronze bell that was carried by a warrior who walked through the dark [[abyss]]. Its peal can be heard on pitch-black nights.}}
'''Undying One's Mourning Bell''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Long Night's Oath]].

==Description==
The air was thick with the scent of blood, as if signaling the return of the great war by which the earth had been scorched.<br>
With a great mournful wail, that army of spirits flew across the pitch blackness of the night sky.<br>
According to the folk tales spread through the countryside, they were said to be a demonic host from [[Abyss|another world]] seeking a harvest of souls.<br>
Others believed them to be the lingering phantoms of that ancient nightmare.

This was the calamity that the people of the [[Nod-Krai|borderlands]] refer to as the "[[The Wild Hunt|Wild Hunt]]."<br>
If it had been no more than a summer storm, ravaging the sky with thunder and lightning,<br>
It might have seemed a small mishap to those accustomed to a life of adventure.<br>
But when that tempest, the likes of which had not been seen for a century, poured down upon the earth like black-blood rain,<br>
Only then did the people realize that these terrifying legends, which had been passed down by their ancestors,<br>
Were not mere stories meant to frighten children, but born instead of a terror that coursed through their very veins.

But in the end, it was a terror that someone had to face, lighting the way for the souls wandering through the boundless dark.<br>
A black-feathered flock of crows moved between the realms of light and shadow, led by one who stood against the light.<br>
His sword he silently raised, the face reflected in its sheen as sharp and unyielding as the blade itself.<br>
Onward pressed the [[Lightkeepers|oath-bound legion]], though they knew they were as moths to a flame, marching onto that battlefield from whom none would return.<br><br>

...<br>
At the end of the path, only the one who held the dark blade still stood.<br>
He knew that deep within the forest lurked the foul force by which the "Wild Hunt" had been summoned forth.<br>
Just a little more, a little further, and he would have saved the land he had sworn to protect.<br>
Lost in his thoughts, he failed to notice that his body had already been torn asunder,<br>
And that the warning bell he carried rang out hissing amidst the tearing of blood and black muck.<br>
Perhaps frightened by its unsettling chime, the carrion feeders around him faltered, frozen in their tracks.<br>
Thus was he left to walk alone in the abyss, to fulfill an as-yet unfulfilled oath...

As many years went by, a new addition was woven into the folklore of the land:<br>
That, whenever mournful bells toll, it is a sign that the one who swore to hunt down the Wild Hunt is approaching.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Undying One's Mourning Bell
|zhs      = 不死者的哀铃
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 不死者的哀鈴
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 不死者の弔鐘
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 죽지 않는 자의 종소리
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Campana Fúnebre del Inmortal
|es_tl    = The Immortal's Funeral Bell
|fr       = Cloche de deuil de l'éternel
|fr_tl    = Mourning Bell of the Eternal
|ru       = Скорбный колокольчик бессмертного
|ru_tl    = Undying One's Mournful Bell
|th       = Undying One's Mourning Bell
|vi       = Tiếng Chuông Người Bất Tử
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Glockenschlag des Unsterblichen
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Undying One's Mourning Bell
|pt       = Sino Fúnebre do Imortal
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Ölümsüzün Yas Çanı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Campana funebre dell'imperituro
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Long Night's Oath}}

[[fr:Cloche de deuil de l'éternel]]
[[ja:不死者の弔鐘]]
[[vi:Tiếng Chuông Người Bất Tử]]