{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73686
|image         = Unexpected Battle.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Warrior's Spirit
|part          = 1
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Hiiragi Chisato; Hirotatsu; Kamisato Ayaka; Madarame Hyakubei; Matsumae; Mizuta; Onodera; Paimon; Reina; Sae; Tadaaki; Tadatsune; Traveler; Younan
|startLocation = [[Byakko Plain]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Byakko Plain
|next          = The Sight of the Divine Emissary
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
* Unlocks the [[Warrior's Spirit]] Event.
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Unexpected Battle''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Warrior's Spirit]] Event.

==Steps==
# Head over to [[Byakko Plain]]
# Face your foes
#* {{Enemy|Yoriki Samurai|x=2}}
# Talk to the two people
# Go to the [[Kamisato Estate]] and ask [[Madarame Hyakubei|Madarame]] for information
# Go to [[Ritou]] and look for [[Kamisato Ayaka]]
# Go to the arena
# Wait until two days later
# Talk to Kamisato Ayaka outside the arena

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You and Paimon were having a stroll across the Byakko Plain, intending to enjoy some hard-come-by peace and quiet, but you come across an unexpected conflict nonetheless...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the marked area)
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, do you hear that? Sounds like someone's arguing over there. Let's go see what's happening!

;(Enter the marked area)
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 tadatsune 01.ogg}} '''Tadatsune:''' After all these years, senpai... I was hoping it would never come to settling this with real swords...
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 tadaaki 01.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' Cut out that weak-sounding nonsense. C'mon, it's between you and me! There can be only one victor.
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, why are those two fighting on the road?
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 tadatsune 02.ogg}} '''Tadatsune:''' Hmm? Someone else is here? Hey, get away from here, you two!
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 tadaaki 02.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' Yeah, we're disciples of the Kono Ittou Art, and are about to settle things with a duel. We don't want anyone getting in the way, especially outsiders like you who know nothing of the sword arts.
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, come on now... You're the ones fighting in the middle of the road.
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And what do you mean we "know nothing of the sword arts"? When it comes to wielding a sword, the Traveler here is super strong.
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 tadatsune 03.ogg}} '''Tadatsune:''' Eh? So you're just another person looking to steal our chance to compete. In that case, we'd better team up and deal with this outsider first. What say you, senpai?
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 tadaaki 03.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' Sounds like a plan to me.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Now that you've been unexpectedly challenged to a fight, it's time to pick up your blade and face your foes.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After the dialogue)
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, what's up with these guys? Now they're suddenly charging at us!? Ahh, watch out, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo yweq001 1 tadaaki 04.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' This single chance belongs to the Kono Ittou Art.

;(Approach the marked area after defeating the samurai)
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew... you finally got them to stop. Hey you two, this is all just a big misunderstanding! We're just passing through here. We didn't want to steal anything.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, what's all this about a chance to compete?
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadatsune 01.ogg}} '''Tadatsune & Tadaaki:''' ...
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadatsune 02.ogg}} '''Tadatsune:''' Ugh... senpai, how could this happen? This youngster completely overwhelmed us with only a few moves!
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadatsune 03.ogg}} '''Tadatsune:''' I thought this would be our chance to show the power of the Kono Ittou Art to the world. Who knew we would be defeated before we even set foot in the arena...
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadaaki 01.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' No need to say any more... What happened here only proves that we're out of our depth.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadaaki 02.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' *sigh* Master did always tell us that no matter how strong you may become, there is always someone stronger. But we didn't listen...
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadaaki 03.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' As for this entry ticket, I'm afraid that no matter which of us use it, the results would be the same.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, what are you two mumbling about? You guys were at each other's throats just a moment ago.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadaaki 04.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' I'm sorry for the misunderstanding. We're disciples of the Kono Ittou Art. Just now, we were about to duel to see who would enter the Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Exhibition.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadaaki 05.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' This competition is very important to any practitioner of the sword arts, and since we rarely see anyone pass through here, we mistook you for a competitor trying to steal our entry ticket. Again, I apologize.
:{{DIcon}} Now that that's been cleared up...
:{{DIcon}} You may continue your duel.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadaaki 06.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' Ah, just a moment, please! If it wasn't for you, I would have never realized my own inadequacy.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadatsune 04.ogg}} '''Tadatsune:''' Right, our fight just now was a real eye-opener. I know now that I must further cultivate both my mind and swordsmanship.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadatsune 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo yweq001 2 tadatsune 05b.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' Senpai, I have an idea. Why don't we give the entry ticket to {{MC|m=him?|f=her?}}
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadaaki 07.ogg}} '''Tadaaki:''' Fine by me. Only a real swordsman is qualified to stand in the Warrior's Spirit arena. We still require more training.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait wait wait, you mean you want (Traveler) to compete instead of you?
:{{DIcon}} Isn't this a little sudden?
:{{DIcon}} But we don't know anything about the competition...
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 tadatsune 06.ogg}} '''Tadatsune:''' It's up to you if you want to join. Either way, this entry ticket is useless to us now. We bid you two farewell.
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And there they go, just like that... Ugh, so what do we do about this entry ticket they left us?
:{{A|vo yweq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see here... "Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Competition... hosted by the [[Yashiro Commission]]." Hmm, since it's being held by the Yashiro Commission, why don't we go to the Kamisato Estate and ask about it?
:;(Obtain [[Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Arena Ticket]])

;(Talk to Madarame Hyakubei)
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 01.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Traveler, Paimon, good to see you. Unfortunately, both the Commissioner and Miss Kamisato are out on business for the day. They are not here at the estate.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, we're not here to see them today. Actually, we were hoping to ask about the Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Exhibition. You know, the event being hosted by the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 02.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Ahh, so the Traveler wants to enter the competition, too? I'm terribly sorry, but we were flooded with applicants, and all the entry tickets were already issued last week.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 03.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' But if you want tickets to see the final exhibition match, I'll see what I can do. Perhaps I can get you some...
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no, no, let us explain! We were able to get our hands on an entry ticket today, but we haven't decided whether or not to participate. We wanted to get some info about it first.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' From the sound of it, this competition is really popular.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 04.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Indeed, Warrior's Spirit is a competition with a rich history in Inazuma. Not only is it a good opportunity for martial artists to test their strength, but it is also a form of honor.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 05.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' The Almighty Shogun hopes to use this opportunity to spread the elegance of the art of the sword to more people. The upcoming competition has introduced many new formats to appeal to a wide variety of spectators.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 06.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Traveler, since you already have an entry ticket, you should enter the competition. It is a rare opportunity, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, I'll consider it.
:{{DIcon}} But we have other things to do...
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 07.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' By the way, given you've only heard about the competition today, you probably don't know yet, but Miss Kamisato just...
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 hirotatsu 01.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Why hesitate when faced with such a great opportunity?
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 hirotatsu 02.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' If you're not honored to be a part of Warrior's Spirit, there's no need for you to hold on to that entry ticket. There are plenty of others who are eager to enter.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 08.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' What are you saying, Hirotatsu? That's not how we speak to our guests.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 hirotatsu 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo yweq001 3 hirotatsu 03b.ogg}}--> '''Hirotatsu:''' I don't mean any insult, Madarame. On the contrary, I would love to see the Traveler in action.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 hirotatsu 04.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Everyone here has heard of you, even Miss Kamisato thinks highly of you. I always assumed you'd be someone we'd all look up to.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 hirotatsu 05.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' But now it seems everything we heard were nothing more than rumors. You lack spirit, and as for your swordsmanship... Well, I'm sure it's mediocre at best. Otherwise, you wouldn't hesitate even for a second about joining the competition.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 09.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Hey c'mon, Hirotatsu, the Traveler isn't from a martial family. Besides, spirit and swordsmanship can also be displayed other ways besides competitions...
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Agh, can you believe this guy!? That makes two groups of people talking down to us on the same day!
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, there's nothing Paimon hates more than people underestimating (Traveler) when they don't even know {{MC|m=him...|f=her...}} Well, maybe feeling hungry is worse, but still!
:{{DIcon}} Calm down, Paimon!
:{{DIcon}} I'm used to it already...
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But this Hirotatsu guy doesn't even know you! How can he say that you lack spirit and ability!? Oh, that's it, Paimon's mad now!
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He deserves an ugly nickname, like... Umm, like... oh! "Not the Sharpest Samurai"!
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 hirotatsu 06.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' You can run your mouth all you like, but this isn't something that can be proven with words. I, Hirotatsu, am a true warrior, and don't need to go around bragging to make a name for myself. I'll take my leave now.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 10.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Ah, I apologize about Hirotatsu. He's the type of person that tends to just say whatever comes to his mind.
:{{DIcon}} No worries, he'll see what I'm made of.
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Does that mean you're entering the competition? Great, Paimon approves! Show "Not the Sharpest Samurai" that you're the real deal!
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 madaramehyakubei 11.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' The competition starts on Ritou in two days. I didn't get a chance to tell you just now, but Miss Kamisato left for Ritou today to discuss competition matters with Miss [[Hiiragi Chisato]].
:{{A|vo yweq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh really? In that case, let's go meet Ayaka on Ritou. We can ask her for more details about the competition.

;(Talk to Madarame Hyakubei again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog yweq001 madaramehyakubei 01.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Miss Kamisato should have arrived on Ritou by now. She went to discuss competition matters with Miss Hiiragi Chisato of the Kanjou Commission.
:{{A|vo dialog yweq001 madaramehyakubei 02.ogg}} '''Madarame Hyakubei:''' Miss Kamisato also has an important responsibility in the competition. Since you're going to see her, she can fill you in on the details.

;(Talk to Hirotatsu again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog yweq001 hirotatsu 01.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Are you really going to enter the competition? Heh, in that case, see you in the arena.
----
;(Approach Ayaka in Ritou)
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ayaka, Chisato~!
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, Paimon, nice to see you again. Welcome back to Inazuma.
:{{Introductory Note|Kamisato Ayaka}}
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nice to see you too, Ayaka! Actually, we've decided to enter the Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Exhibition. We heard you two were making preparations on Ritou, so we thought we'd come and check things out.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' What a coincidence. We just finished talking about the Archon's Emissary and whether the Traveler would be interested in the exhibition. And now here you are!
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Archon's Emissary? What's that?
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Oh, you've never heard of it? Didn't you come rushing back to Inazuma because of Miss Ayaka's letter?
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Letter? What letter?
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah, never mind that now. Paimon, you were asking about the Archon's Emissary?
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah! What's that?
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The Archon's Emissary has a special responsibility in the Warrior's Spirit event. However, it's hard to describe without touching on the origins of this event.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Warrior's Spirit originated from ancient Inazuman legends. It is said that a long time ago, the martial artist who was crowned champion would be granted the special honor of meeting and engaging in a sword duel with the Almighty Shogun.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' However, the Almighty Shogun was far more powerful than any human being. In a direct confrontation, the duel would be over in an instant.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Therefore, the Almighty Shogun would send one of her familiars as an emissary to the martial artist, who would then provide assistance and protection in the fight against the Shogun.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Because the Almighty Shogun decided to convey her skills and the will to protect the citizens of Inazuma through the form of martial arts, the duel was then aptly named Warrior's Spirit.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Later, the event evolved into a competition that focused on the art of swordsmanship, and the tradition of a duel with the divine has been retained as the final "exhibition match" of the competition.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This final match allows later generations to understand the origin of Warrior's Spirit and the meaning of martial arts.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, sounds like a pretty important event.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes. Nowadays, the Almighty Shogun won't attend the exhibition match in person, but she will still send a special envoy to fight on her behalf to display her divine strength.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Of course, the role of the "Martial Artist" goes to the winner of the competition, and the "Divine Familiar" will be fulfilled by a true swordsman, a role also known as the "Archon's Emissary."
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This time, I will be fulfilling the role of the Archon's Emissary.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so that's what this is all about! Paimon gets why this competition is so popular now! After all, Ayaka is popular among the citizens of Inazuma.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 hiiragichisato 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Paimon's right. Though the Shirasagi Himegimi attends some festival ceremonies from time to time, it's not often that we get to see her excellent swordsmanship up close.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 hiiragichisato 04.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' The Almighty Shogun said that this time, we need to host a competition aimed at the public and recruit a powerful ambassador to promote it. With that in mind, Ayaka was appointed as the Archon's Emissary.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 hiiragichisato 05.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Oh, and by the way, this is [[Onodera]] from Yae Publishing House. He specializes in organizing events and was sent to assist us. He was the one who suggested that Ayaka be the Archon's Emissary.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 hiiragichisato 06.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' In addition, he proposed two strategies to increase the popularity of the competition... expanding the target audience and increasing word of mouth. His ideas have been most effective.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, those ideas sound pretty professional! But, uh, what do they actually mean?
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 onodera 01.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Well, "expanding the target audience" means getting more people involved in the competition.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 onodera 02.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Previously, competitors were required to be practitioners of one of Inazuma's schools of swordsmanship. However, this time, the requirements are different. Anyone who has a passion for martial arts can participate, regardless of nationality or status.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 onodera 03.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Some combat regulations have similarly been adjusted, weapons are no longer limited to one-handed swords. Any close-range weapon that meets the length and weight requirements can be used.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 onodera 04.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' As for "increasing word of mouth," in my personal experience, the most effective method is to hold a vote.
:{{DIcon}} A vote?
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 onodera 05.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' That's right. In the past, it was the Almighty Shogun who decided what the Archon's Emissary would wear in the exhibition match. But this time, with support from the Almighty Shogun, we'll be giving that choice to the audience.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 onodera 06.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' People can vote on one of the four seasonal styles, such as cherry blossoms or autumn leaves. Miss Kamisato will wear whichever outfit receives the most votes.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 hiiragichisato 07.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Although voting won't begin until the day of the competition, my retainers have already been speculating on which theme will win.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 onodera 07.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' These plans are only possible because Miss Kamisato agreed to be the Archon's Emissary. I know this must be a lot of pressure for you, Miss Kamisato.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' No, not at all. It's an honor for me to have an opportunity to promote the sword arts. If anything, it's your dedication to the event that everyone will appreciate.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 onodera 08.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' You flatter me, Miss Kamisato. Now then, I must get back to preparing some final details regarding the vote, so please excuse me.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, Paimon, now that you're here, Miss Chisato and I can show you around the competition venue.
:{{A|vo yweq001 4 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That'd be great! Let's go!
----
;(Enter the arena)
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, now this is an arena... Paimon had no idea the [[Outlander Affairs Agency]] would have a place like this.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This is the indoor training area for the [[Kanjou Commission]]. It's thanks to Miss Chisato that we were able to use this venue.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' You're very welcome, Miss Ayaka. I'm only happy I could help.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Chisato, what's that over there?
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Oh, that? Well, it's...
:;(Paimon and Chisato walk away)
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ahem. Traveler, do you have a moment... to talk?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, of course.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hmm, where should I begin...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe start by explaining the letter... What was that about?
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah yes, that... Nothing slips by you. To be honest, I felt a little apprehensive when I first heard that everyone wanted me to be the Archon's Emissary.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I've been making public appearances ever since I was a child, but this is the first time I've ever acted as the ambassador for such an event, not to mention wearing an extravagant outfit while participating in combat.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' In the past, only the most skilled swordsmen of a reputable clan in Inazuma were qualified to be the Archon's Emissary. I'm afraid my skills can't even begin to compare to theirs.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I was worried that I might not be up to the task, so I wanted to write to you and ask for your advice at that time.
:{{DIcon}} We're friends, you can have my advice anytime.
:{{DIcon}} I'd be happy to help however I can.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, I know. But that's probably why I didn't send the letter in the end.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You've helped me many times before, and you've always lent me your ear when I speak about my troubles. But if I'm always turning to you for help, it almost feels like you're somehow besting me.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe, is it strange for a friend to think that way?
:{{DIcon}} Not at all.
:{{DIcon}} I understand how you feel.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you. I was really delighted to learn that you also entered the competition...
;(Paimon and Chisato return)
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey Ayaka... Huh? What were you two chatting about?
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 12a.ogg}} {{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 12b.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I was just saying that it's delightful to have the Traveler join the competition. Given {{MC|m=his|f=her}} reputation in Inazuma, the competition is sure to be even more exciting.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 paimon 04a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo yweq001 5 paimon 04b.ogg}}--> '''Paimon:''' Heehee, yep! Having the Traveler join will definitely heat things up a little!
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 hiiragichisato 03.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Paimon's right, I look forward to seeing you perform.

:'''After having a look around, the two of you leave the arena...'''

:{{A|vo yweq001 5 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It's getting late and Miss Chisato and I must return now. The two of you should have a good rest for the next couple days. We'll see you on the day of the competition.
:{{A|vo yweq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thanks, you two! Will do! See you on the day of the competition!
----
;(Wait until two days later)
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Today's the opening ceremony for the Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Exhibition. C'mon, let's head to the arena.

;(Approach Ayaka and Chisato)
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh look, there's Ayaka and Chisato.
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah Traveler, Paimon, you made it. Did you rest well yesterday?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I did, thanks.
::{{A|vo yweq001 6 hiiragichisato 01a 1.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' That's the Traveler, composed as always.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I didn't get much sleep.
::{{A|vo yweq001 6 hiiragichisato 01b 1.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' And yet, you're still just as composed as always.
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mhm, it's important to keep a good mood before a competition. We're in it to win it!
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 onodera 01.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Looks like you all are in good spirits today. Everything should be set to go for the opening match...
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Speaking of which, are these two boxes for voting?
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 onodera 02.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' That's right, I've arranged everything. The box on the left contains the ballots for Warrior's Spirit, while the box on the right is for the other events. The results will be revealed in the third round of the competition.
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 onodera 03.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' And given how strong the Traveler is, you're practically guaranteed to make the third round, right?
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You bet!
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 mizuta 01.ogg}} '''Mizuta:''' Mr. Onodera, we'll start with the box for Warrior's Spirit then!
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 onodera 04.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Alright, thank you!
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Things are about to start soon. Let's head to the arena.
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Good luck, Traveler. I hope you'll do well in the competition.
:{{A|vo yweq001 6 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Well, Miss Ayaka and I should go watch the matches. See you later.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Unexpected Battle
|zhs     = 意外争斗
|zhs_rm  = Yìwài Zhēngdòu
|zht     = 意外爭鬥
|zht_rm  = Yìwài Zhēngdòu
|zh_tl   = Unexpected Battle
|ja      = 予期せぬ闘争
|ja_rm   = Yokisenu Tousou
|ja_tl   = Unexpected Battle
|ko      = 뜻밖의 투쟁
|ko_rm   = Tteutbak-ui Tujaeng
|ko_tl   = Unexpected Battle
|es      = Enfrentamiento inesperado
|es_tl   = Unexpected Confrontation
|fr      = Une bataille inattendue
|fr_tl   = An Unexpected Battle
|ru      = Неожиданный бой
|ru_tl   = Unexpected Battle
|th      = การต่อสู้ที่คาดไม่ถึง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Xung Đột Bất Ngờ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unerwartetes Ringen
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Pertarungan Tak Terduga
|id_tl   = Unexpected Battle
|pt      = Batalha Inesperada
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Beklenmedik Savaş
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Scontro inatteso
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[pt-br:Batalha Inesperada]]
[[ru:Неожиданный бой]]