{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 Unexpected Power.png
|id            = 00353
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 2
|summary       = After obtaining Anemo powers, the Traveler tries them out against enemies.
|startLocation = [[Starfell Lake]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Starfell Lake
|prev          = Bird's Eye View
|next          = Forest Rendezvous
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 1,100
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Sweet Madame|10}}{{Card|Teyvat Fried Egg|10}}{{Card|Character EXP|575}}
|characters    = Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}

{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=2}}

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Paimon]]
#Press/Tap to unleash [[Elemental Skill]]
#Defeat the [[Slimes|slimes]]
#* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|x=1}} will appear.
#Hold Elemental Skill
#Defeat the [[Slimes|slimes]]
#* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|x=2}} will appear.
#Use [[Elemental Burst]]
#Defeat the [[Slimes|slimes]]
#* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime|x=4}} will appear.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Let the Wind Lead (Wonders of the World)|Let the Wind Lead]]''.
* The player will unlock numerous options within the [[Paimon Menu]] after completing this quest.
**{{Icon|Party Setup|30}} [[Party|Party Setup]]
**{{Icon|Friends|30}} [[Friend|Friends]]
**{{Icon|Archive|30}} [[Archive]]
**{{Icon|Character Archive|30}} [[Character Archive]]
**{{Icon|Community|30}} Community
**{{Icon|Version Highlights|30}} Version Highlights
**{{Icon|Feedback|30}} Feedback
**{{Icon|Survey|30}} Survey
**[[Notices]]
**[[Mail]]
**[[Time]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|As you advanced, a [[Statue of the Seven]] appeared on the horizon ahead of you. At Paimon's suggestion, you go to investigate.}}
{{dialogue start}}
:;(After communing with Anemo)
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh! Did you just feel the elements of the world?
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems all you had to do was just touch the statue and you got the power of Anemo!
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' As much as they may want it, people in this world can never get a hold of powers as easily as you...
:{{DIcon}} I think I know why, it's because...
::{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah-ha, it's because you're not from this world to begin with.
:{{DIcon}} This can't be good...
::{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a bit rude to say that about the power the gods just gave you!
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we keep heading west from here, we'll eventually reach Mondstadt, the City of Freedom.
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mondstadt is the city of wind, because they worship the God of Anemo.
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So perhaps, because you got power from the God of Anemo, you can find some clues there.
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There are also lots of bards there, so perhaps one of them has heard news of your {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's move then!
:{{A|vo mdaq008 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The elements in this world responded to your prayers and Paimon thinks that's a lovely sign.
;(After defeating the slimes)
:{{A|vo mdaq008 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These are the Anemo powers you got from the Statue of the Seven.
:{{A|vo mdaq008 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww... Paimon's so jealous! Why doesn't Paimon get cool fighting powers!?
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Unexpected Power
|zhs     = 异常的权柄
|zhs_rm  = Yìcháng de Quánbǐng
|zht     = 異常的權柄
|zht_rm  = Yìcháng de Quánbǐng
|zh_tl   = Abnormal Authority
|ja      = 異常な力
|ja_rm   = Ijou-na Chikara{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Abnormal Power
|ko      = {{tt|심상|尋常}}치 않은 힘
|ko_rm   = Simsangchi Aneun Him
|ko_tl   = Abnormal Power
|es      = Poder inesperado
|es_tl   = Unexpected Power
|fr      = Pouvoir inattendu
|fr_tl   = Unexpected Power
|ru      = Неожиданные силы
|ru_tl   = Unexpected Forces
|th      = พลังที่คาดไม่ถึง
|th_rm   = Phlang thi khatmaithueng
|th_tl   = Unexpected Power
|vi      = {{tt|Quyền|權}} Trượng Kỳ Lạ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unerwartete Macht
|de_tl   = Unexpected Power
|id      = Kekuatan Misterius
|id_tl   = Mysterious Power
|pt      = Poder Inesperado
|pt_tl   = Unexpected Power
|tr      = Beklenmedik Güç
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Potere inaspettato
|it_tl   = Unexpected Power
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Poder inesperado]]
[[fr:Pouvoir inattendu]]
[[id:Kekuatan Misterius]]
[[ja:異常な力]]
[[pl:Niespodziewana moc]]
[[pt-br:Poder Inesperado]]
[[ru:Неожиданные силы]]
[[vi:Quyền Trượng Kỳ Lạ]]