{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19121
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Thoma
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Housekeeper's Daily Chores
|startLocation = [[Kamisato Estate]], [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Kamisato Estate
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Behind His Back
|next          = 
|characters    = Furusawa; Hironori; Kazumasa; Takashi (Unforeseen Circumstances); Masanobu; Kiyoe; Sakai; Thoma; Traveler; Yasutake; Yuusaku
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Unforeseen Circumstances''''' is a quest in [[Thoma]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act I: [[A Housekeeper's Daily Chores]].

==Steps==
# Ask the [[Yashiro Commission]] member questions
#* Ask [[Kiyoe]]
# Tell Thoma of the Yashiro Commission emergency
# Negotiate with the merchants in the city
# Go with Thoma to meet "a friend"
# Go to [[Konda Village]] and help with a delivery
#* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=2}}
#* {{Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl|x=1}}
# Talk to the cargo merchant
# Deliver the cargo out of the city
#* Escort the [[Transport Balloon]] to its destination within 5 minutes
#* Wave 1:
#** {{Enemy|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Electro Hilichurl Shooter|x=1}}
#* Wave 2:
#** {{Enemy|Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hilichurl Berserker|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hilichurl Grenadier|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Electro Hilichurl Shooter|x=1}}
#* Wave 3:
#** {{Enemy|Electro Abyss Mage|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hilichurl|x=1}}
# Talk to the cargo merchant
# Report back to [[Yasutake]]
# Go with Thoma to see [[Sakai]]
# Report back to Sakai
# Go to the Yashiro Commission to witness the denouement of the emergency

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You receive word of the latest crisis while trying to help [[Thoma]] win respect...}}
{{StubDialogue}}
===To Change the Winds===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Thoma again)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So, have you had any ideas?
----
;(Ask Takashi)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 takashi 01.ogg}} '''Takashi:''' ...You're asking me what I think Thoma could do better?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 takashi 02.ogg}} '''Takashi:''' He's busy enough as it is, don't you think? I barely see him around here at the Commission.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 takashi 03.ogg}} '''Takashi:''' And when I do, more often than not, he's busy with the housework.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 takashi 04.ogg}} '''Takashi:''' I think he should carry on doing what he's doing. Everyone's got their own way of living, and Thoma's no different.

;(Ask Masanobu)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 masanobu 01.ogg}} '''Masanobu:''' Greetings, welcome to the Yashiro Commission.
:{{DIcon}} About Thoma...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 masanobu 02.ogg}} '''Masanobu:''' People have been talking about him behind his back? Surely not.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 masanobu 03.ogg}} '''Masanobu:''' He does a wonderful job and always remains modest about it. Why would anyone single him out?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1911101 masanobu 04.ogg}} '''Masanobu:''' Huh, I can't figure it out. Try asking someone else.
----
;(Ask Kiyoe)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 01.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' Oh... Ugh, this is going to be a problem...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 02.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' Oh... you're Miss [[Kamisato Ayaka|Kamisato]]'s friend, aren't you?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 03.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' Basically, something downright awful's happened, and we're discussing what on earth we should do about it...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 04.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' In preparation for the festival next month, we procured some very precious ceremonial implements from another island.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 05.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' But as luck would have it, our ship got hit by strong winds out at sea. The entire shipment is now sitting at the bottom of the ocean.
:{{DIcon}} Do you have a backup plan?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 06.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' Well, certainly there's no time to go all the way back out there and buy another batch... Our only option is a gentleman based on [[Narukami Island]] by the name of [[Yuusaku]].
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 07.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' But he's a shrewd one. He caught on to the fact that we needed the goods urgently and raised prices sky-high.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 08.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' Clearly he wants to take us for every Mora we're worth &mdash; it's a real dilemma.
:{{DIcon}} Can't you barter him down?
:{{DIcon}} Use the Yashiro name to put pressure on him.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 09.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' We've tried, but he just won't budge. It doesn't help that he has something of a feud with the Yashiro Commision...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 10.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' He once sold us some ceremonial implements of exceptionally poor quality. We returned the items and exposed his malpractice in the process.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 11.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' He's resented us ever since. Now that he actually has the chance to get back at us, there's no way he'll back down.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 12.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' The Yashiro Commission doesn't have any direct authority over merchants. We could file a formal complaint, but the process is long and drawn out, and the festival is drawing nearer every day.
:{{DIcon}} (This seems like a job for Thoma...)
:{{DIcon}} (It can't hurt to discuss this with Thoma...)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 13.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' [[Kazumasa]] and [[Furusawa]] have marched off to see him, but I don't know whether they'll be able to resolve it.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 14.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' I really hope the festival goes smoothly...

;(Talk to Kiyoe again)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912101 kiyoe 14.ogg}} '''Kiyoe:''' I really hope the festival goes smoothly...
----
;(Tell Thoma of the Yashiro Commission emergency)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' ...Oh, that whole situation, huh.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I heard a thing or two about it. I was planning on finding some time to sort it out after entertaining you.
:{{DIcon}} So you know a solution?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It's hard to say for sure. I'd need to talk with the guy first.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Since this has piqued your interest &mdash; how about we head over there together?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Still... the original plan here was to focus on your enjoyment, not rope you into the trials and tribulations of the Yashiro Commission
:{{DIcon}} I want people to give you the respect you deserve.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ah, so that's your goal here.
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, if that is what you really want, I'd better give this my best shot.
:{{DIcon}} Trials and tribulations with Thoma are bound to be fun!
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Oh? You think so?
::{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Well, in that case, I guess I'd better look alive!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' C'mon then, let's get ourselves over to Yuusaku and see what's what.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912112 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I got some intel on him once before. At this time of day, he should be downtown in [[Inazuma City]].
----
;(Talk to Yuusaku)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 kazumasa 01.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' Your asking price just isn't realistic. What point are you trying to make here, huh?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 furusawa 01.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' If the festival gets delayed, don't say we didn't warn you!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 01.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' *clears throat*...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 02.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Help!!! I'm being attacked by Yashiro samurai!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 kazumasa 02.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' What!? Hey, cut that out!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 furusawa 02.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' You little... Ahem, t&mdash;take it easy, would you? Look, we're not going to harm you, alright?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 03.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' The Yashiro Commission is forcing me to sell against my will! [[Doushin]]! I need a Doushin!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 kazumasa 03.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' Tsk, looks like there's no negotiation to be had here. Come on, let's get out of here!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 furusawa 03.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' Wait up...
:;(Furusawa and Kazumasa leave)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 04.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Hmph, is that all they got? Amateurs. The nerve... Oh, hello... you're...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hello again.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 05.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Wait, I know you! Well, if it isn't the Yashiro Commission's errand boy &mdash; Thoma!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 06.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Do you know how long the [[Tenryou Commission]] locked me up for? And all thanks to you, going on about my goods being cheap fakes!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You almost make it sound like I planted something and framed you. Those goods were defective, you know that, right?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 07.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Ugh, you're so pedantic! Think how many festivals there are in a given year. Now take candles, for example &mdash; do you have any idea how many they go through? I could switch half of them out for duds without a single person noticing, and make a small fortune in the process...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 08.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' I was happily providing you with some much-needed supplies. Not only were you ungrateful, you had the audacity to report me.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 09.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Well, now the tables have finally turned and you're begging for my help. Can you really blame me for charging a little extra?
:{{DIcon}} This is more than a "little" extra...
:{{DIcon}} This price is bankruptcy, even for the Yashiro Commission...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 10.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Look, I found out what happened. The Commission's shipment ran into a storm and is now lying at the bottom of the ocean.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 11.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' The festival's right around the corner, so postponing it isn't an option. Right now, I'm the only one selling what you need...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 12.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' If the festival goes pear-shaped and [[Guuji Yae]] or the [[Raiden Shogun|Almighty Shogun]] hears about it, they are not going to be happy... and then you'll have a real problem on your hands.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 13.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' So you might want to consider your position here!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' C'mon boss, this is all a little heartless. Besides, aside from the Yashiro Commission, no one else buys ceremonial items. Surely resolving this dispute swiftly is in your interest too?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 14.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Don't give me that. The fact is, you're desperate to buy, and I ain't desperate to sell.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 15.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' The batch I have here can go to waste for all I care &mdash; it'd be no great loss.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Looks like we can't come to an agreement, then...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 16.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Well, I'm glad it's dawning on you. You can either pay up, or look like a bunch of idiots when the festival comes around. Your choice!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 yuusaku 17.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' *sigh* Time's precious, and I've given you a fair slice of mine today. When you're ready to pay, I'll be ready to talk.

:'''''Yuusaku turns and leaves, without looking back'''''

:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} He already left...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Yeah, I think it's pretty clear that he doesn't intend to discuss this any further.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I guess his time in the [[Police Station]] didn't make for happy memories.
:{{DIcon}} Do you want me to mention this to Guuji Yae?
:{{DIcon}} Do you want me to mention this to the Raiden Shogun?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' No need.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I can't say I think much of the way Yuusaku is acting... but ultimately, the issue here lies with the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' We were the ones who lost the goods, so the responsibility is on us to find a solution. Otherwise, even if we ride this out, the Yashiro Commission's reputation will take a huge hit.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912102 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let's go. There are a few people I want to introduce you to.
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Friend===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yasutake)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 01.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Ah, if it isn't Thoma!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 02.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' I must say I'm surprised to see you. Last I heard you were in [[Ritou]]... then you just vanished into thin air.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 03.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Who's the new face?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' (Traveler), a friend.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 04b.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' "Friend"? What, uh, line of work is this {{MC|guy|young lady|mc=1}} in, then?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' They're not a connection, if that's what you're thinking. Just a regular friend.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 03b.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' No vested interests here. I originally wanted to take {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} out for some down time, but we've ended up mired in Commission-related complications.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 05.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Hahaha... Okay, I see, my mistake.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 06.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' So, what's the situation today, then? I only ever see you when you need something.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I remember last time we spoke, you were grumbling about a lack of Iron Ore. Have you made any progress on that front?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 07.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Why? You got any supplier recommendations?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 08.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' You're a little out of the loop, my friend &mdash; we increased our bid price a while back. Soon after, we found plenty of sellers were pulling out all the stops to import stock from wherever they could get ahold of it.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 09.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' I heard some people were so eager to get in on the action that they even took out loans to get ahead of the competition. If you were hoping to enter the bidding now... I'm afraid you're a little late to the party.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Sounds like now you have the opposite problem &mdash; more Iron Ore than you know what to do with.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 10.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' That's right, we're going to have to select a few sellers from the pool. There are certain candidates under consideration already, but we're still on the fence.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I see. Well, would you mind if I gave you a couple of tips?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' As it happens, I'd noticed that shipments of Iron Ore had recently picked up. I looked into it a little, and managed to get a sense of which sellers had the quality stock, which offered competitive prices, and so on.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 11.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' You don't say? Alright then, here's the list of sellers. Give me your thoughts.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' These two are veterans of the business. Regular sales, quality stock, but their price is a little steep. I think you could talk them down, though &mdash; I'd say to around 80% of what they've quoted you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This one sprung up out of nowhere recently in Ritou. Their approach is high volume, small profit margins. The quality's not too bad, but there's always a few duds, so you'd need to inspect the goods thoroughly upon receipt.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' This one grabbed a loan and leapt straight onto the bandwagon. In their haste, I fear they may have ended up with a mixed bag as far as quality is concerned. Given that their price isn't particularly competitive, either... I wouldn't consider them if I were you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 12.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Wait, I know this name... Ah, yes. I believe we're on the same page here.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Haha... To be completely up front, this is really quite important to me, so your help in this regard would be greatly appreciated.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 13.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Don't mention it, it's no skin off my back.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 14.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' There is something I hope you could do for me in return, though. Recently, several of our deliveries of Iron Ore have been getting stolen. Is there anything you can do to help?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 15.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' It's the worst on the road between Konda Village and Inazuma City... something always seems to happen along that stretch.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' No problem. We'll be back before you know it.
:{{DIcon}} What is going on here...?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I guess you have a few questions, (Traveler)... I'll explain everything later &mdash; but it looks like we'll need to get to work pretty soon.

;(Talk to Yasutake again)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912103 yasutake 16.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Thank you for helping look into the situation with our deliveries.
----
;(Talk to Hironori)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912108 hironori 01.ogg}} '''Hironori:''' Argh, man this hurts... those monsters came out of nowhere..
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912108 hironori 02.ogg}} '''Hironori:''' Thank you both for your help. Who are you...?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912108 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Hi there. Yasutake commissioned us to come and assist with the delivery.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912108 hironori 03.ogg}} '''Hironori:''' Wonderful. I was starting to think I'd never get this Iron Ore to its destination.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912108 hironori 04.ogg}} '''Hironori:''' Um... so, do I owe you anything for this?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912108 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Nope, this is between us and Yasutake.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912108 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' He's the one you should be thanking, if anyone.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912108 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright (Traveler), let's do this!
----
;(If time ran out, cargo HP bar is empty, or deliberately abandon the challenge)
:'''''The cargo has been seized. It seems that this plan has fallen through...'''''
:;(Return to the previous step)

;(After clearing first wave)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912109 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Careful, there could be more monsters to come.

;(After clearing second wave)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912109 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Almost there now... one final push...
----
;(After clearing third wave)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912110 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Alright, I think we can leave the goods here.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912110 hironori 01.ogg}} '''Hironori:''' Many thanks.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912110 hironori 02.ogg}} '''Hironori:''' There were so many monsters, I didn't even see where they came from... It was a dicey situation...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912110 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The route should be safe from here on out. We'll be heading off now.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912110 hironori 03.ogg}} '''Hironori:''' Sure thing. Again, my thanks to both of you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912110 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' All in a day's work. Come on, let's go, (Traveler).
----
;(Report back to Yasutake)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Worry no more, good sir, your goods have been safely delivered.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 yasutake 01.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Good to know. As for the issue you needed my help with, I have someone on the case &mdash; you can expect a resolution very shortly.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 yasutake 02.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' You always seem to be cleaning up for other people behind the scenes, it must keep you pretty busy. Seems to eat up all of your personal time, too.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 yasutake 03.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Speaking of... I'm going to need your help again in a few days time. There's a meeting coming up, and several trade associations will be fighting tooth and nail over the chance to make a profit. You'll have to mediate on this one.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ah, that rings a bell. Not a problem, I'll be there.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 yasutake 04.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' One other thing... I heard Sakai gave our guy a loan a while back. Just thought you might be interested to know.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Is that so? Sounds like I should go talk to him, then. Thanks again for all your help, much obliged.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 yasutake 05.ogg}} '''Yasutake:''' Think nothing of it. Goodbye for now, I'll see you in a few days' time.

:'''''The person says goodbye and leaves.'''''

:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Okay, this problem is halfway solved.
:{{DIcon}} So, who was that?
:{{DIcon}} What were you talking about?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' That was the quartermaster of the Tenryou Commission. He's in charge of all their procurement, and also responsible for keeping their weapon supplies intact.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Making weapons involves purchasing raw materials, so he's the key decision-maker in all the related trade in Iron Ore.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The Iron Ore trade is actually what I was discussing with him just now.
:{{DIcon}} But what does that have to do with ceremonial affairs...?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' On the surface, not a whole lot, I'll admit. But you'll see. Very shortly.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912104 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But before that, time to go visit another old friend of mine.
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Comeback's Always on the Cards===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Sakai)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 sakai 01.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' Ah, Thoma. You too?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 sakai 02.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' Yasutake sent someone over already. But I'm telling you, Thoma, I just don't know if it's feasible.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Really? Why, is there a problem?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 sakai 03.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' You betcha. The guy owes me Mora, for sure, but there's a long repayment period on that loan. If I go hounding him for Mora now, that makes me the bad guy.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' But as I recall, the only reason he was entitled to such a long period was because at the outset, he had a business relationship with the Yashiro Commission.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So, if we sever ties with him, surely he'd have to pay you back right away.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 sakai 04.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' In principle, that's how it works. But I'd still be the one who has to take all the flak.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 sakai 05.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' I'm just a small-timer, you know? People like me need stability and security, not to go rocking the boat...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' C'mon now, let's work something out. Weren't you after some [[Noctilucous Jade]] last time we spoke? We can put our heads together and get hold of some for you.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 sakai 06.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' Hmm... Well, Noctilucous Jade would be good for starters, but...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' For starters? I'd say that's plenty for now... You don't want to go biting off more than you can chew, right?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 sakai 07.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' You... okay, fine.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 sakai 08.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' If you bring me some Noctilucous Jade, I'll get my hands dirty for you!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912114 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Great. Alright, let's go and find some, (Traveler).
----
;(Report back to Sakai)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Okay, is this enough?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 sakai 01.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' Plenty. Leave the rest to me, I promise you'll be satisfied customers.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 sakai 02.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' You know Thoma, you haven't changed one bit. Same mindset, same style of working.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 sakai 03.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' I sure hope the two of us never get into a conflict. Fingers crossed our cooperation will stay happy and healthy for a long time to come.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Don't you worry, unless you've got plans to cause trouble for the Yashiro Commission, the future looks bright for all our future dealings.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 sakai 04.ogg}} '''Sakai:''' Phew, that's good to hear. Okay, I'll be seeing you, folks.
:{{DIcon}} Can we really trust this guy?
:{{DIcon}} It felt like there was a subtext to your whole conversation...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Don't worry.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' People whose attention is always focused on other people's weaknesses tend to expose their own weaknesses pretty easily.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912111 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Let's head back to the Yashiro Commission headquarters.
----
;(Return to the Yashiro Commission)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 01.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' *sigh*... What do we do now?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 furusawa 01.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' We could try... asking him nicely? Maybe he'd have a change of heart?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 02.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' I highly doubt that would work...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 03.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' Then again, since we don't have any other options, we might as well give it a try.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 furusawa 02.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' But the samurai spirit...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 04.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' We serve the head of the clan. If the clan is in trouble, we must bear whatever humiliation comes our way to resolve the situation. This, too, is the samurai spirit!
:;(Yuusaku runs in)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 yuusaku 01.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Phew... Uh, i&mdash;is anyone there?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 05.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' Huh, what's he doing here?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 furusawa 03.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' He must be here to make fun of us.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 06.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' There's nothin' we can do about it. Brace yourself...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 07.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' I apologize!<ref group="Note">Even though this is Yuusaku's line, the camera pans to Kazumasa, who is silently expecting Yuusaku's mocking.<!--How about EN, CN, and KR?--></ref>
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 yuusaku 02.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' I apologize!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 08.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' ...Huh?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 yuusaku 03.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' I apologize! Forgive me, I'll sell to you at the original price... no, what am I saying, make that half price!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 09.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' What's going on here?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 yuusaku 04.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Thoma? Thoma, are you here?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 yuusaku 05.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' I was completely in the wrong. However much you need, I'll sell it to you. I've got a warehouse full of stock, too, if you need more. Please, you'll have everything you could need!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 01.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' ...And without any duds this time, I assume?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 yuusaku 06.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' None, none whatsoever! I'll stake my whole reputation on it &mdash; no fakes, no defects! I give you my word!
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 yuusaku 07.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' P&mdash;Please, this is my whole livelihood... don't cut me off...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 02.ogg}} '''Thoma:'''  Since you've promised not to sneak in any fakes this time around, go ahead with the shipment. Once we've inspected the goods, and if all's in order, I'm sure whatever problems you're presently facing will quickly disappear.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 yuusaku 08.ogg}} '''Yuusaku:''' Okay, I'll deliver the goods right away! Right away, I promise...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 03.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You see what I mean? Getting things settled as soon as possible is in everyone's best interests.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 04.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' *sigh*... Alright, with that taken care of, let's get out of here.
:;(Thoma swiftly disappears)
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 kazumasa 10.ogg}} '''Kazumasa:''' Why was he apologizing... to Thoma?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 furusawa 04.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' What's going on here? Hey, Thoma...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 furusawa 05.ogg}} '''Furusawa:''' That's strange, where'd he go? He was right here a second ago...

:'''''You find Thoma in the corridor, sweeping...'''''

:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 05.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Okay, the floors are done.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 06.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Next, I need to dust down the railings...
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 07.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I only took one day off, but look how much dust has gathered. This is what I mean when I say cleaning is a daily chore.
:{{DIcon}} Just now...
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 08.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You remember what he said, don't you? His goods could go unsold, and it wouldn't bother him.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 09.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' So the solution in this case was to cut off his main line of business, and make him really feel the heat.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 10.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' The Yashiro Commission doesn't have the authority to meddle in the business world. But, as it happened, I knew a few of his major customers, so I sorted it out privately.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 11.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' When he realized he couldn't shift his product, had no source of revenue, and wouldn't be able to pay off his loan... he suddenly felt the pressure.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 12.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Then, I just had to make sure he caught wind of what the cause of his problems was, so he'd seek us out to make an apology.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like you gave him the full Thoma treatment.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 13.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' It's no big deal. I've dealt with plenty of situations like this in the past.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 14.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I know you'd like people to look up to me more, but... it doesn't bother me all that much.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 15.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' I'm just the housekeeper of the [[Kamisato Clan]] &mdash; reputation isn't all that important to me. On the contrary, having too good of a reputation can be restrictive.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 16.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' You feel indignant for my sake when you hear people spreading gossip about me, don't you? That says that in your mind, I'm not the kind of person they say I am.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 17.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' For me, that's enough. All I need is for the people I'm close with to know the real me.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 18.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Thanks for your help in averting a potential crisis for the Yashiro Commission. I owe you one! I'll have to entertain you again some time.
:{{A|vo tmcop001 1912105 thoma 19.ogg}} '''Thoma:''' Ah, plus I didn't get very far with entertaining you this time around... so, I guess I owe the both you!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: The Housekeeper's Other Side===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = The Housekeeper's Other Side
|character       = Thoma
|act             = 1
|description     = "Looks like being a housekeeper's the more relaxing and interesting job after all."
}}

==Gameplay Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Unforeseen Circumstances
|zhs     = 天有不测风云
|zhs_rm  = Tiān Yǒu Bù Cè Fēngyún
|zht     = 天有不測風雲
|zht_rm  = Tiān Yǒu Bù Cè Fēngyún
|zh_tl   = There is Unprecedented Wind and Clouds in the Sky
|zh_note = A line from the idiom {{Lang|mini=1|zh={{wt|天有不測風雲，人有旦夕禍福|天有不测风云，人有旦夕祸福}}|zh_rm=tiān yǒu bù cè fēngyún, rén yǒu dànxī huòfú}}, which is used to describe how one's fortunes can be as unpredictable as the weather.
|ja      = 天に不測の風雲あり
|ja_rm   = Ten ni Fusoku no Fu'un Ari
|ja_tl   = There's an Unexpected Cloud on the Sky
|ja_note = The name of the quest may be a pun as {{lang|ja=風雲|ja_rm=fu'un|mini=1}} can mean both "wind and clouds, the nature, elements" and "situation, state of affairs"
|ko      = 예상치 못한 일
|ko_rm   = Yesangchi Motan Il
|ko_tl   = Unexpected Work
|es      = Circunstancias imprevistas
|es_tl   = Unforeseen Circumstances
|fr      = Circonstances imprévues
|fr_tl   = Unexpected Circumstances
|ru      = Непредвиденные обстоятельства
|ru_tl   = Unforeseen Circumstances
|th      = เรื่องไม่คาดคิดเกิดขึ้นได้เสมอ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sự Cố Bất Ngờ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unvorhergesehene Umstände
|de_tl   = Unforseen Circumstances
|id      = Keadaan Tak Terduga
|id_tl   = Unexpected Situation
|pt      = Um tempo inesperado
|pt_tl   = An Unexpected Time
|tr      = Beklenmedik Bir Durum
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Circostanze inaspettate
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.2}}