{{About|the Daily Commission|the Event Quest|Uninvited Guests}}
{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Uninvited Guests
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission Uninvited Guests (Commission).png
|region        = Liyue
|npc           = Huai'an
|summary       = [[Huai'an]] asks the Traveler to help him patrol and clear out monster camps the area around [[Wangshu Inn]]. However, the Traveler finds an unexpected scene, yet Huai'an is still content with the results.
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Huai'an; Paimon; Traveler; Xiao
|other         = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''Uninvited Guests''' is a daily  [[commission]] in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Huai'an]]
# Go to the monster camp and defeat them
# Look around
#* Observe the defeated hilichurl's body
#* The player may also check further north to find [[Xiao]]
# Report back to Huai'an
<!--
==Notes==-->

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something seems to be bothering Wangshu Inn's Huai'an...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Huai'an)
:'''Huai'an:''' Agh, I must think of something...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter{{sic}}
:'''Huai'an:''' Ah, it's you. *sigh* I'd rather not talk about it.
:'''Huai'an:''' Lately, business at the inn has been getting better and better, and we've had more people coming to stay.
:'''Huai'an:''' Some people are looking for a peaceful time alone, while others bring their families over on trips.
:'''Huai'an:''' The booming business is a good thing, of course, but the fact remains that many monsters roam the nearby areas.
:'''Huai'an:''' If some child out at play or senior folk out on a stroll were to run into those creatures...
:'''Huai'an:''' To prevent such incidents from occurring, I have to go out and chase monsters around the inn away.
:'''Huai'an:''' But I am just one man, and they are many...
:'''Huai'an:''' Traveler, could you lend me a hand? You will be well-paid, I assure you!
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} I mean, you're pretty good yourself, aren't you?
::'''Huai'an:''' Me? Well... Thank you for the praise, but I'm just passable.
::'''Huai'an:''' And even so, I cannot fight them all by myself.
:'''Huai'an:''' I'm counting on you, in any case. I noticed that there were various monster encampments about  with dangerous creatures within them.
:'''Huai'an:''' Also, another group of monsters tiptoed up near the inn and even set up camp there...
:'''Huai'an:''' Ugh...
:'''Huai'an:''' You know what? You can leave the more dangerous ones to me. Just help me to clear out the monsters surrounding the inn.
:'''Huai'an:''' We'll meet up back here once all the monsters have been driven out.
:'''Huai'an:''' *sigh* These monsters really are a problem...
----
;(Upon finding the monster camp)
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? The monsters here have all been beaten up!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, this place is a complete mess...
:'''Paimon:''' What happened here? Let's check this area out. We might find some clues!

;(Observing the defeated hilichurl's body)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, not a single clue in sight. Who defeated all these monsters? Was it... another adventurer?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm...
:'''Paimon:''' But since these monsters have been defeated, let's just go back to Huai'an and tell him the news.

;(Talk to Xiao, optional)
:'''Xiao:''' ...Oh, it's you.
:{{DIcon}} What brings you here?
:{{DIcon}} Those monsters...
:'''Xiao:''' I encountered these monsters by chance and defeated them.
:'''Xiao:''' This area is not safe. So...
:{{DIcon}} I'll be careful.
:'''Xiao:''' Right. I have other matters to attend to. See you.

----

;(Talk to Huai'an)
:'''Huai'an:'''  You're back. Agh, those monsters were really hard to deal with...
:{{DIcon}} You beat them all?
:'''Huai'an:'''  Hahaha, that's right. It took quite a lot of work, you know? Ah, I'm just not the young fighter I used to be.
:'''Huai'an:'''  I suppose you've defeated the ones on your end as well, eh?
;(If Xiao was not found)
:{{DIcon}} About the monster camp...
::'''Huai'an:'''  They were all defeated... But there was not a soul in the camp?
::'''Huai'an:'''  That's very strange. Did some passing adventurer defeat them?
::'''Huai'an:'''  Whatever the case, thanks for patrolling the area on my behalf. Please take these.
;(If Xiao was found)
:{{DIcon}} About Xiao...
::'''Huai'an:''' So he did it? But why would he...
::'''Huai'an:''' Eh. I'm not going to second-guess him.
::'''Huai'an:''' Whatever the case, thanks for patrolling the area on my behalf. Please take these.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Uninvited Guests
|zhs     = 不速之客
|zhs_rm  = Bùsù zhī Kè
|zht     = 不速之客
|zht_rm  = Bùsù zhī Kè
|zh_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|ja      = 招かれざる客
|ja_rm   = Manekarezaru Kyaku
|ja_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|ko      = 초대하지 않은 손님
|ko_rm   = Chodaehaji Aneun Sonnim
|ko_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|es      = Unos huéspedes no deseados
|es_tl   = Some Unwanted Guests
|fr      = Des invités inattendus
|fr_tl   = Unexpected Guests
|ru      = Незваные гости
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = แขกที่ไม่ได้รับเชิญ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|vi      = Vị Khách Không Mời
|vi_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|de      = Ungebetene Gäste
|de_tl   = Unbidden Guests
|id      = Tamu Tak Diundang
|id_tl   = Uninvited Guest
|pt      = Visitante Inesperado
|pt_tl   = Unexpected Visitor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}