{{About|the Event Quest|the Daily Commission|Uninvited Guests (Commission)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41213
|type          = Story
|event_name    = The Chalk Prince and the Dragon
|actNum        = IV
|part          = 4
|startLocation = [[Albedo's Campsite]], [[Dragonspine]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Dragonspine
|prev          = Raiders Amidst Snow Mist
|next          = Afterword
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
|characters    = Albedo; Paimon; Reckless Pallad; Sucrose; Traveler; Vadim
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Uninvited Guests''' is the fourth quest of [[The Chalk Prince and the Dragon]] event. Finishing this quest unlocks the Act IV objectives in the event's menu and allows the player to participate in the Frostborn Miracle challenge.

==Summary==
You run into Sucrose on the Dragonspine mountain, who rescued [[Reckless Pallad]], who was out on the expedition with [[Cyrus]], from a snow pit, while roaming in her free time. It seems she has already forgotten about her investigation as it has already been a week. You show her the [[Festering Desire]] sword and she concludes that Albedo puts a great deal of trust in the Traveler.

After returning to a makeshift adventurer camp to grab food, the group runs into Reckless Pallad who has gotten lost again. As they try to leave however, a Fatui member attacks but he is defeated by the group. Albedo hears the ruckus and rejoins the group, and reveals that he knew Sucrose would eventually find her way here due to her magnetism to the obscure knowledge and mystery, and that he isn't bothered about her knowing about the sword.

During the conversation, the Reckless Pallad who is suffering from the cold mistakes the Festering Desire's light for a source of warmth and knocks into the Traveler resulting in the sword releasing some of its life force into a nearby dead Cryo Regisvine, reviving it. After defeating the [[Resurgent Cryo Regisvine]], Albedo theorizes that the Regisvine originally withered and died as it was unable to purify the corruption on the mountain. He enlists the Traveler's assistance again.

==Steps==
#Look for [[Albedo]]
#Head to the monster habitat to test the sword
#Defeat the surrounding opponents
#Speak to [[Sucrose]]
#Follow Sucrose to the adventurer camp
#Speak to Albedo
#Defeat the [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]] who have come to take the sword
#Defeat the [[Resurgent Cryo Regisvine]]
#Speak to Albedo

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Many unexpected things have happened on this mountain. A mysterious hidden camp, suddenly-appearing thieves, uninvited enemies... This sword seems to have brought you into the thick of all this weirdness. So long as it remains in your hands, trouble will always follow in its wake &mdash; with such troubles including those who have come to take the sword, and new monsters heretofore unseen.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Upon reaching [[Albedo's Campsite]])
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo! We're baaaack!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? It seems that he's not here.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is he out investigating something? Or maybe he went to make some mysterious drawings?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah! It's you!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, if it isn't Sucrose! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm in the final stage of my research. I have five hours and twenty-six minutes of leisure time today.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' So I here looking for you to inquire about previously discussed matters.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You tell time very accurately! Are you a human clock?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No, no, it's nothing worth your praise. You're too kind...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That wasn't a compliment...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' C&mdash;Can I ask you a question, Traveler? I made a request regarding investigating Mr. Albedo's secret. Have you made any progress?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Correct me if I'm wrong, but it's been over a week since we talked about it.
:{{DIcon}} I thought you'd forgotten about it.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' What...!?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' O&mdash;Over a week? I clearly... Ah!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I've been so absorbed in my research. That matter of ours had completely slipped my mind...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How can your sense of time be so strong and so weak at the same time...?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' S&mdash;So! Do you know what it is?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, you could say that.
:{{DIcon}} My investigation was successful.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 10.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' That's great. Could you tell me?
:{{DIcon}} What do you think, Paimon?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Umm.... Telling her shouldn't really matter.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She can take a look, too. Just no touching...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Wait. What are you talking about?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 12.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' What's this?
:{{DIcon}} This is Albedo's secret.
:{{DIcon}} This is the answer you seek.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a super powerful sword. Don't touch it with your bare hands!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 13.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Uh... This is...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 14.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah! Th&mdash;This is... I've never seen...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, look all you want! Not sure why, but even Paimon feels a strange sense of achievement.
:'''''After telling Sucrose the story about the sword...'''''
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 15.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Astounding! It's the first time I've heard of such a mysterious weapon.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 16.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I can faintly feel the power coursing through the sword... It's like a living creature.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is it such a distinct feeling?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 17.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' This may due to my alchemist training.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 18.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I don't dare to say anything for sure, but the "flow" of power is very noticeable. Although this description isn't the most precise... N&mdash;NormaIIy, I wouldn't define things like that...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 19.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Please. believe me! I don't usually use such ambiguous terms!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, okay, we got it.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 20.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Traveler, could you use this sword in battle?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 sucrose 21.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'd like to learn more about it, but I'm unable to use it myself. I can only ask for your assistance.
:{{DIcon}} Let's keep a low profile. We can't let Albedo know.
:{{DIcon}} We should find a place hidden from view.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's look around for the right spot!
----
;(After defeating the monsters at the monster habitat)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Remarkable! This weapon is like no other...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' You're also extraordinary. No matter if it's your fighting stance or the momentum of your swing, it's perfect.
:{{DIcon}} You flatter me.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' This sword is special. I didn't want to go too deep into the research, and yet I couldn't take my eyes off of it.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon thinks that's one of your own special qualities, not the sword's...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Clearly this is a mysterious yet dangerous and enticing sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Mr. Albedo must have great confidence in you to have entrusted you,with such an important item.
:{{DIcon}} I'm as surprised as you.
:{{DIcon}} I'm grateful for the faith he puts in me.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, you've earned his trust with your abilities.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I agree with Paimon.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Howeverr, the sword hadn't absorbed much energy before it was handed to you... Huh, how did Mr. Albedo recognize its uniqueness among a pile of other items in storage?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A flash of brilliance often doesn't make sense. For example, Paimon's appetite for [[Sticky Honey Roast]]!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah... Which reminds me, I didn't eat much today.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 09.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I went looking for you right after completing my experiment. Then, on the way, I ran into an adventurer in the snow. I spent quite some time saving him...
:'''Sucrose:''' *rumbling*
:{{DIcon}} Did your stomach just rumble?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 11.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah... Ahhhh! N&mdash;No, it's not like that...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't so shy! Just say what's on vour mind!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 12.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Um, um...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon help you out: Paimon's hungry! We should grab something to eat!
:{{DIcon}} I'm hungry!
:{{DIcon}} I want to eat!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 13.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'm... I'm hungry. I could really go for a...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 14.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Oh... ah... I'm just a little embarassed...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nothing to be ashamed of! Admitting that you're hungry just makes the food taste better.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 sucrose 15.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Huh, is that so?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Of course! Let's get moving! There must be some food back at the camp~
:{{A|vo eqxs004 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It'd be lovely to have some Sticky Honey Roast to keep us warm in this icy weather.
----
;(After reaching the designated area)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''[[Reckless Pallad]]:''' U&mdash;Ugh... Argh...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' M&mdash;Mr. Pallad!?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' You still haven't gone back?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't that the hotheaded adventurer from Mondstadt? Did he come here with [[Cyrus]] to explore the Snowy Mountain, too?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 recklesspallad 02.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' I'm f&mdash;f&mdash;f&mdash;freezing, ACHOO!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Have you been here since I rescued you from the snow pit!?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 recklesspallad 03.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' I wanted to leave, b&mdash;but I got lost. I'm sorry...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 recklesspallad 04.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' U&mdash;Ugh... It's so c&mdash;cold that I c&mdash;can't move...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Mr. Pallad, a trip to this mountain requires solid preparation. You shouldrh't have treated it so lightly.
:{{DIcon}} We'll take him back down.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I'd appreciate the assistance. I'm afraid that, in his current state, he won't be able to walk on his own...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even if we can't, we won't just leave him here, right?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' You're right... My apologies, Traveler. I'm sure he feels bad about the situation.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 vadim 01.ogg}} '''???:''' He's the least of your concerns right now. You should be worried about yourself!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! The Fatui strike again!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 vadim 02.ogg}} '''[[Vadim]]:''' You must've already figured out why we're here.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 vadim 03.ogg}} '''Vadim:''' We won't let you go unless you give us that sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 sucrose 07.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' No! Please, don't give them the sword.
:{{DIcon}} Of course, I wouldn't hand it over to them!
:{{DIcon}} Don't even think about putting your hands on it!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That't the spirit! Let's knock 'em down!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 sucrose 08.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Mr. Pallad, I'll take you to a safe place! Quickly!
:;(Sucrose and Reckless Pallad run off)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 vadim 04.ogg}} '''Vadim:''' So naive! We won't let any witness escape!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 7 vadim 05.ogg}} '''Vadim:''' This sword will make a fine gift for Her Excellency, [[Harbinger]] [[Signora]]!
:;(A fight ensues)
----
;(After defeating the Fatui)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I heard the ruckus and came over to check. So it was you who made all this noise.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' What happened? Did you get into a fight?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' M&mdash;Mr. Albedo... I didn't mean to...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Aren't you supposed to be organizing documents? Why did you come here all of a sudden?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' And you got into a fight with such a dangerous opponent &mdash; in this terrain...
:{{DIcon}} I&mdash;I also got into a fight, I'm sorry...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, now even Paimon feels guilty...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Uh... Ah... I only... I'm sorry, I was just passing by.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Huh, I reckon you've been led astray by yet another thing that attracted your attention.
:{{DIcon}} I told Sucrose about the sword, my bad.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' You told her everything?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  We just told her about the sword's properties and origin. We didn't let her touch it! We know better than that~
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' *sigh* Never mind. We couldn't have kept her in the dark for too long anyway.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Sucrose is naturally drawn to obscure knowledge and mystery. She is great alchemist material, indeed.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah... Uh... I promise I won't be causing trouble anymore. I swear on the quadruple-size Sweet Flower seeds I just propagated!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's not trouble that worries me, I'm only concerned with your safety. You must be more careful next time.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' *sigh* Anyway, what's going on with that adventurer crouching over there?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 sucrose 04.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' I took it upon myself to protect Mr. Pallad during the battle. He should be alright.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' I'm.... I'm freezing...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He must've caught a cold during the fight.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 sucrose 05.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ahhhh, I didn't consider that possibility... It's my oversight, my apologies!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 sucrose 06.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Mr. Albedo, I'll check on him!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Sure.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sucrose may seem a bit rigid, but she's a good kid with a heart of gold.
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't call her a kid if I were your size.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can't disagree.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' That girl... Let her out of your sight, and she winds up in the strangest places...
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that just what young people do in general?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 13a.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' True.
:{{DIcon}} Sucrose didn't mean to cause trouble. Don't be too hard on her.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 13b.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Don't worry, I'm not angry.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? There seems to be a shiny thingy on the sword.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Huh? Another change...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The sword's power is much stronger than before. How did that happen?
:{{DIcon}} We fought with Fatui.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There were some ferocious characters among those Fatui soldiers. We've never seen them before.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' So it's the energy it's never encountered before...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 10 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It caused the sword to greatly grow in strength.
----
;(Cutscene starts)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' S&mdash;So cold...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Hold on just a little longer!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs recklesspallad 02.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Ah, ah... Fire?
:;(Pallad pushes Sucrose aside and runs towards the sword)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs recklesspallad 03.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' F&mdash;Fire! ...Warmth!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Wait!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo eqxs004 cs heroine 01.ogg}} '''Traveler:''' Watch out!
:;(Pallad runs into the Traveler and the sword hits the ground, causing a Cryo Regisvine to revive)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs recklesspallad 04.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Huh... Ahhhh!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' That Regisvine...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 cs sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Was brought back to life!
;(Cutscene ends)
----
;(During battle)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 11 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' Ahhhh!? W&mdash;What is it!?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 11 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' In position! Prepare for battle!
----
;(After defeating the resurgent Cryo Regisvine)
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' The dragon's power... the dragon's life force can revive withered plants and empower them to such a degree...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Inconcievable!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How could a dead tree stump turn out to be such a monster!?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon almost got swallowed!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, why hasn't anything like that happened before?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Most probably it's because the sword fell to the ground. The impact must've caused its power to leak out.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 recklesspallad 01.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' It's my fault! Don't make me leave! I beg you!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 recklesspallad 02.ogg}} '''Reckless Pallad:''' I promise I'll stay put!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 sucrose 01.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah, Mr. Pallad... There's no need to go into a fetal position...
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' *sigh*
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' This Cryo Regisvine having originally withered up and died here... Is it because it hadn't been able to absorb the ambient corruption?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' After you purified the corruption, the resulting pure elemental energy not only revived it, but also enhanced it.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Pure life force will cause it to constantly regenerate itself... together with its fighting spirit.
:{{DIcon}} The situation looks worse than expected...
:{{DIcon}} I wouldn't have expected that. Is it because I'm too powerful?
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I also haven't encountered any similar incidents.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yet I must admit that a phenomenon of this rarity, although unexpected, is a valuable discovery.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Sucrose.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 sucrose 02.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Ah, yes!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Keep an eye on that adventurer. Take him back to the camp.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 sucrose 03.ogg}} '''Sucrose:''' Yes sir!
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' As for the matters at hand, I beg your pardon, Traveler... but I must ask for your further assitance.
:{{DIcon}} I'll do what I can to help.
:{{A|vo eqxs004 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Such an unexpected mess, and we're the only ones who can clean it up. *sigh* It must be because we keep outdoing ourselves!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Uninvited Guests
|zhs     = 不速之客
|zhs_rm  = Bùsù zhī Kè
|zht     = 不速之客
|zht_rm  = Bùsù zhī Kè
|zh_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|ja      = 招かれざる客
|ja_rm   = Manegarezaru Kyaku
|ja_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|ko      = 불청객
|ko_rm   = Bulcheonggaek
|ko_tl   = Uninvited Guest
|es      = Unos huéspedes no deseados
|es_tl   = Some Unwanted Guests
|fr      = Des invités inattendus
|fr_tl   = Unexpected Guests
|ru      = Незваные гости
|ru_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|th      = แขกที่ไม่ได้รับเชิญ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Uninvited Guests
|vi      = Vị Khách Không Mời
|vi_tl   = Uninvited Guest
|de      = Ungebetene Gäste
|de_tl   = Unbidden Guests
|id      = Tamu Tak Diundang
|id_tl   = Uninvited Guest
|pt      = Visitante Inesperado
|pt_tl   = Unexpected Visitor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

[[es:Unos huéspedes no deseados]]
[[ru:Незваные гости]]