{{For|the main event|Unreconciled Stars|Unreconciled Stars/Unknown Star{{!}}Unknown Star (Event Act)}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41111
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|actNum        = I
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|next          = The Crisis Deepens
|rewards       = Fading Star's Might*40;Primogem*60;Mora*30,000
|characters    = Adler; Allan; Draff; Edna; Fischl; Hartman; Joyce; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Oz; Paimon; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Unknown Star''''' is the quest to launch the first of three event phases in the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event. Completing this phase unlocks the quests ''[[That Which Fell From the Sky]]'', ''[[To Each Their Duty]]'', and ''[[Thoughts Carried On the Wind]]''.

==Steps==
#Go to the [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]] [[Adventurers' Guild]] and look for [[Katheryne]]
#Check out the situation at [[Springvale]]
#Examine the nearby victims (0/3)
##Talk to [[Joyce]]
##Talk to [[Adler]]
##Talk to [[Edna]]
#Head to the hill to look for [[Allan]]
#Rescue Allan from the monster surrounding him {{Enemy List|Large Pyro Slime*2; Large Electro Slime}}
#Clear out the meteorite shards on the hill (0/2)
#Return to Springvale to check on the victims

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Katheryne]] of the Mondstadt [[Adventurers' Guild]] seems to have something to tell you.<br><br>You hear from Katheryne of the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild that meteorites of unknown origin have turned the lives of people across the land upside down. As a Guild member, you boldly step up to the plate and begin to seek out the truth.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Hello, Traveler. You couldn't have come at a better time.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do you mean? Has something bad happened?
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' I'm afraid so. It's quite serious... We need all the help from our adventurers that we can get.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' So, I have an extremely urgent commission for you, Traveler.
:; (Cutscene plays)
:'''Katheryne:''' There was a meteor shower last night
:'''Katheryne:''' The strike zone was very large
:'''Katheryne:''' Covering the entire countryside of Mondstadt and [[Liyue]]
:'''Katheryne:''' The meteorites seem to harbor a strange power...
:'''Katheryne:''' ...A power that sends any who touch them into a deep sleep
:'''Katheryne:''' The Guild believes the meteorites to be highly dangerous
:; (Cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa... That does sound pretty serious...
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Truth be told, we have never encountered anything like this before.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The Adventurers' Guild is currently stretched beyond capacity. We are relying on our members across the land to rally together and support the relief effort at this trying time.
:{{DIcon}} I will surely do my part.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for the info! I'd better hop to it~
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' One moment, safety must come first...
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Katheryne! Vassal of the Immernachtreich, do mine ears deceive me, or didst thou cry out mine holy name in earnest supplication not one moment ago?
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ah, you've arrived.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' A pleasure to meet you again, Katheryne.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah! Did that raven just speak!?
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Haha, nice to meet you too, my friend... Though I'm sure you must have seen phenomena far stranger than myself before?
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' My loyal subjects, I see your faces are filled with fear and trepidation at the vile and villainous evils that once again seek, albeit in vain, to disturb the peace and tranquility of our beloved Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 08.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Traveler, allow me to introduce Miss [[Fischl]], a senior member of the Adventurers' Guild.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 09.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Fischl, [[Oz]], this is the Traveler of whom I have spoken to you previously.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oh? You are the Traveler? Hmm... One finds the look in your eyes to be most agreeable.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Honorary Knight of the [[Knights of Favonius]], and travel companion [[Paimon]], we are honored to meet you both. We have heard much about you.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Traveler, do you also mean to confront these cryptic crystals of darkness and doom?
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... Cry&mdash;Crystic cryptals of... doomness and... What?
:{{DIcon}} Katheryne, is that the same thing you were talking about?
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I believe that mein Fräulein does indeed refer to the {{Color|buzzword|meteorite strike}}.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 10.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' The Adventurers' Guild has so far been unable to ascertain the cause of the meteor shower, or the precise side effects of the meteorites. Hence, we recommend that adventurers travel in pairs for safety.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 11.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Traveler, Fischl, please look out for one another on your journey, and exercise extreme caution at all times.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hm. Very well then. You have always been a pious vassal, Katheryne, and thus I shall acquiesce to your heartfelt plea for mine assistance.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 fischl 06.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Rejoice! For to join the Prinzessin der Verurteilung on her majestic mission for but a fleeting moment is surely cause for an eternity of elation!
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' This young lady is my master, Princess Fischl. She hails from a world beyond known as [[Immernachtreich]]. I am mein Fräulein's humble familiar, Oz the Raven.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... That all sounds very impressive...
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  My name's Paimon, and {{Traveler}}'s a traveler. We look forward to working with you!
:{{DIcon}} Did you say... "a world beyond"?
:{{DIcon}} "Immernachtreich..."? Never heard of that place before.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 katheryne 12.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' In time, you will understand... The more time you spend with Miss Fischl, the clearer everything will become...
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 fischl 07.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Hmph, blind to the glory of the Immernachtreich, realm of everlasting night... Though, one could hardly expect more from a lowly traveler... Hence, it is not blasphemy, but ignorance, that be the cause of this transgression. One will therefore show clemency.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Clemency?
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 oz 06.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein means to say: "Hello."
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These guys are the weirdest double act Paimon's ever seen... The girl sounds strange enough as it is, but every time her pet bird talks, it gets even weirder...
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 oz 07.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I am sure that you must have many questions. Perhaps we can walk &mdash; or indeed fly &mdash; and talk.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, and that's another thing... What's all this about traveling in pairs? This is clearly a party of four!
----
;(Upon reaching Springvale and approaching the designated spot)
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're in Springvale now. Katheryne said that this is the closest impact site to the city.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 oz 08.ogg}} '''Oz:''' The situation looks even worse than we imagined.
:{{DIcon}} So many people have fainted.
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 fischl 08.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ring the bells, sound the trumpets, for the day of judgment is upon us! Rejoice, all ye who cry out for salvation, for the Prinzessin der Verurteilung has come!
:{{A|vo eqast001 1 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This princess lady seems really enthusiastic.

;(Talk to Edna)
:'''Edna:''' May the Anemo Archon spare you from the effects of the meteorites.

;(Talk to Adler)
:'''Adler:''' Please keep a safe distance from the meteorites. Only approach the impact site if you have business concerning the meteorites.

;(Talk to Joyce)
:'''Joyce:''' Please exercise extreme caution. Do not touch the meteorites with your bare hands.

;(Check victims)
:'''Check Victim:''' The victim is still deep in sleep.
----
;(Speak to Joyce)
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Dear mortals, in this dark hour, your Prinzessin permits you to forgo the usual etiquette and simply relay your account of the matter at hand forthrightly.
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 joyce 01.ogg}} '''Joyce:''' ...Excuse me? Who are you?
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' We come in peace, good sir. We were just hoping that you could reveal whatever you know about this poor victim's situation.
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, wait! Stop, let Paimon explain... We're from the Adventurers' Guild. They commissioned us to and investigate after the meteor shower.
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 joyce 02.ogg}} '''Joyce:''' Oh, I see. Well, last night, this fellow touched the meteorite and then he{{sic}}<!--NPC uses a female model--> fainted just moments later.
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 joyce 03.ogg}} '''Joyce:''' So, however you plan to conduct your investigation, I implore you: Do not, under any circumstances, touch the meteorites with your bare hands.
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' What ridiculous remonstration is this? Is one not under the divine protection of one's Edelstein der Dunkelheit, and thus impervious to the trifling threat posed by this petty piece of black crystal?
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' On the Contrary, mein Fräulein, wise is the princess who is receptive to the sound advice offered by her subjects.
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Is that so... Very well then, one shall proceed as advised.
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That goes for you, too, {{Traveler}}! Wise is the adventurer who is receptive to the sound advice offered by smart people!
:{{DIcon}} Yes, Paimon...
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehehehe, Paimon never gets to talk like that! Oh, Paimon could get used to it, though...
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' You dare to parrot the parlance of the Prinzessin!? Hmph! What could one hope to comprehend of the lamenting of a thousand dying worlds with the sagacity of a mere mortal?
:{{A|vo eqast001 4 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Perhaps it is better that you remain in blissful ignorance, for the burden of fate borne by the Prinzessin der Verurteilung would surely be too much for thy shoulders.
:{{DIcon}} Please lead the way, O fair Princess.
----
;(Speak to Adler)
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, another victim!
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Pray tell, O Knight, what tragedy befell this unfortunate subject of mine?
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 adler 01.ogg}} '''Adler:''' Um... He&mdash; He's been sleeping all day and shows no signs of waking up.
:{{DIcon}} Did he touch the meteorite?
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 adler 02a.ogg}} '''Adler:''' He did. And now he's fast asleep, occasionally he also sleep-talks.
:{{DIcon}} Are there any other symptoms besides the deep sleep?
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 adler 02b.ogg}} '''Adler:''' Not that I've seen so far, although occasionally he talks in his sleep.
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 patientsa 01.ogg}} '''Unconscious Victim:''' Can't go on... n&mdash;need to rest...
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;What's going on? Why is he saying that?
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' His dark dream harbors a forbidden fruit, poised between the jaws of a ferocious beast... Woe betide the weak should they peer into its eyes, as black as a moonless midnight, for they shall surely be lured into the abyss...
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you mean... There's something luring him in his dream?
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Though we have no evidence to prove it, mein Fräulein's intuition has never failed her before.
:{{A|vo eqast001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Well, let's keep investigating anyway!
----
;(Speak to Edna)
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 edna 01.ogg}} '''Edna:''' Greetings, I am Sister Edna. I am here to nurse the sick.
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' State your name at once, you heinous heathen of nefarious nightmares!
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' My apologies, mein Fräulein was not addressing you... This man lying on the ground &mdash; has he spoken at all?
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 edna 02.ogg}} '''Edna:''' I believe he said something about having to get back to work...
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 hartman 01.ogg}} '''Hartman:''' The wine... The wine...
:{{DIcon}} So he works in the wine business?
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' He seems to be sleeping deeply indeed.
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' This is no ordinary dream... This man... he has been cursed!
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Can't you just wake him up?
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 edna 03.ogg}} '''Edna:''' I have tried. He awoke once, for a brief moment, but quickly lapsed back into sleep.
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um... Did he tell you anything while he was awake?
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 edna 04.ogg}} '''Edna:''' He said he dreamed he was on top of a mountain, and it was very cold there.
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Mountain, cold... Hmm...
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' This has the trappings of a cruel, cold curse by a mountain-dwelling demon... Alas! One fears these demons have descended from their icy peaks and now covet the domain of the spring fairy!
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 fischl 04.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' This is a most grave state of affairs... But fear not, for damnation is mine to dispense&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Sorry to interrupt you, folks &mdash; do you have a moment to spare?
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hey, [[Draff]]! What's the matter?
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' It's... I&mdash;I can hardly get the words out...
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 draff 03.ogg}} '''Draff:''' One of the {{Color|buzzword|meteorites}} struck the {{Color|buzzword|hill behind our village}}. {{Color|buzzword|Allan}} told everyone he was going to go see it for himself... And then, sure enough, he just ran off.
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 draff 04.ogg}} '''Draff:''' You've seen how dangerous these confounded meteorites are. I'm afraid something may have happened to him... Could you come with me to find him and bring him back?
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so... Big blazing rocks fall out of the sky, and all Allen's worried about is missing out on the action!?
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 draff 05.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Exactly! Once we get that rascal back safely, he's due for the scolding of a lifetime, if you ask me!
:{{A|vo eqast001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon could not agree more! Let's go find that rascal and drag him back by the ears!
----
;(Upon finding Allan, he is surrounded by large slimes)
:{{A|vo eqast001 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's him!
:{{A|vo eqast001 8 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' Allan! What in the devil are you doing!?
:{{A|vo eqast001 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' These slimes are so vicious! Do you think it has to do with the meteorite?
:{{A|vo eqast001 8 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The hour of judgement has come! The threads of your fate lie in my hands!
:;(During combat)
:{{A|vo eqast001 8 allan 01.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Help me!

;(After defeating the slimes)
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 allan 01.ogg}} '''Allan:''' Phew! I thought I was going to die here...
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 draff 01.ogg}} '''Draff:''' You fool! What were you thinking, gallivanting off on your own at a time like this!?
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 allan 02.ogg}} '''Allan:''' I&mdash;I'm sorry! I'll never do it again!
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 draff 02.ogg}} '''Draff:''' I sincerely apologize for the trouble Allan has caused for you all. I will make absolutely sure that he learns his lesson!
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, next time you think about doing something stupid, think again!
:{{DIcon}} The meteorite is just over there.
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon's gonna take a closer loo&mdash; Huh? Princess, your {{Color|buzzword|Vision}} is {{Color|buzzword|flashing}}!
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Oh? Could it be, perchance, that mine Edelstein der Dunkelheit portends the certain demise of this unholy hex of cold?
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe...? What kind of things does your [[Vision]] react to, exactly?
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The profoundest of enigmas... the whispered secrets of the stars... unholy hexes of demon bones... and&mdash;
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaaat? Why do you have to talk so funny all the time, Paimon doesn't understand!
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Our apologies, mein Fräulein is not well-versed in the parlance of the common folk.
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oooh, so that's what you're for? To translate?
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I fear you misunderstand &mdash; I am no translator, but a humble conveyor of mein Fräulein's royal will. I would venture that what her {{Color|buzzword|Vision}} is reacting to in this vicinity is, quite simply, {{Color|buzzword|elemental energy}}.
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ahem, thank you, Oz. Those whose minds are muddled by the mundane matters of this woeful world are unable to fathom my noble intent as swiftly as thou art...
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, there's elemental energy in the meteorite? And your Vision flashes in response to it?
:{{DIcon}} With a Vision, can you trace the elemental energy back to its source?
:{{DIcon}} Shouldn't the source of the energy also respond in like fashion?
:{{A|vo eqast001 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks... probably yes? Anyway, no harm in giving it a try! Let's look for {{Color|buzzword|shards of meteorite}} using Fischl's {{Color|buzzword|Vision}} &mdash; clearing them away will help make the area less dangerous.

;(After the cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo eqast001 10 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I believe we have found something.
----
;(Upon collecting the shards)
:{{A|vo eqast001 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That seems to be the last of them. Do you think getting rid of them will help make things better for the Springvale villagers?
:{{A|vo eqast001 10 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' The question is, are these shards of meteorite, which are infused with elemental energy, the true source of the calamity, or not?
:{{A|vo eqast001 10 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Verily, I say, these meteorites are surely the source of the nefarious nightmares that assail my subjects! This I swear on my very sovereignty.
:{{DIcon}} ...Shall we check in with the villagers, then?
:{{A|vo eqast001 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, let's do that!
----
;(Upon returning to Springvale and talking to Edna)
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Edna! We got rid of the meteorite up on the hill behind the village. How are the victims doing now? Any better?
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 edna 01.ogg}} '''Edna:''' Bless you! Thanks to your efforts, two of the victims have already awoken.
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 hartman 01.ogg}} '''Hartman:''' Ugh... I'm so sleepy... *yawn*
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great, so it did work!
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 edna 02.ogg}} '''Edna:''' I do hope you are able to dispose of the rest of the {{Color|buzzword|meteorites}} around the village...
:{{DIcon}} Then everyone else will wake up, too!
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' This is wonderful news, it gladdens the heart.
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Haha, it is most gladdening, indeed. Yet the news that I would be attending to this matter in person was surely the only guarantee that my faithful subjects ever needed of a felicitous outcome!
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you just woke up, right? What were you dreaming about while you were asleep?
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 hartman 02.ogg}} '''Hartman:''' All I remember is that it was cold... I was walking along a {{Color|buzzword|mountain}} path... In the ice and snow, I think...
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... Just hiking in the mountains? Or were you supposed to have a destination?
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 hartman 03.ogg}} '''Hartman:''' Ah, I really don't know... In my dream, it felt like... I wasn't in full control of my actions.
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Then thou wert surely cursed, I say! O, wretched scourge upon this land...
:{{DIcon}} (A curse? Could it really be?)
:{{A|vo eqast001 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, whatever the case, what we do know is that getting rid of the meteorite shards is helping. So, c'mon guys, we need to redouble our efforts!

;(Talk to Hartman, optional)
:'''Hartman:''' Thank you all! I must get back to the [[Dawn Winery|Winery]] and let everyone know that I'm safe.

;(Talk to the Recuperated Victim, optional)
:'''Recuperated Victim:''' Huh...? W&mdash;Was I asleep? ...Gosh, how long was I out?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Unknown Star
|zhs     = 未知之星
|zhs_rm  = Wèizhī zhī Xīng
|zht     = 未知之星
|zht_rm  = Wèizhī zhī Xīng
|zh_tl   = Unknown Star
|ja      = 未知なる星
|ja_rm   = Michinaru Hoshi
|ja_tl   = Unknown Star
|ko      = 미지의 별
|ko_rm   = Miji-ui Byeol
|ko_tl   = Unknown Star
|es      = Estrella desconocida
|es_tl   = Unknown Star
|fr      = Astres inconnus
|fr_tl   = Unknown Stars
|ru      = Таинственная звезда
|ru_tl   = Mysterious Star
|th      = ดวงดาวนิรนาม
|th_rm   = Duangdao Niranam
|th_tl   = Nameless Star
|vi      = Ngôi Sao Chưa Rõ
|vi_tl   = Unknown Star
|de      = Unbekannter Stern
|de_tl   = Unknown Star
|id      = Bintang tak Dikenal
|id_tl   = Unknown Star
|pt      = Estrelas Incertas
|pt_tl   = Uncertain Stars
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Estrella desconocida (misión)]]
[[ja:未知なる星]]
[[ru:Таинственная звезда]]