{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41131
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|summary       = Ivanovich wants to take advantage of the meteorite shower, and he asks the Traveler to gather some meteor shards to make ornaments. However, after discussing the danger involved, they agree to retrieve nearby plants affected by the shards.
|requirement   = Complete [[What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|mora          = 25,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Fading Star's Essence|20}}
|characters    = Ivanovich; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Unlimited Opportunity''''' is one of the quests during the third phase of the [[Unreconciled Stars]] event: Star of Destiny. The player must complete [[What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals]] to unlock this quest.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Ivanovich]]
#Gather plants near the meteorites (0/3)
#Give the [[Sweet Flower]] to Ivanovich

==Gameplay Notes==
*The choices of dialogue do not seem to affect the quest.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Ivanovich]] is getting ideas about what business might be done regarding those fallen meteorites...}}
{{dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Ivanovich)
:'''Ivanovich''': Hmm... Not bad. I could make quite a pile off this. But there's just one problem...
:{{DIcon}} What problem might that be?
:'''Ivanovich''': Eh? Oh, Traveler, it's you. You've come at just the right moment! Might I interest you in a... Let's call it a...
:'''Ivanovich''': ...a wonderful, mysterious, never-before-seen, surefire-profit of a business proposition?
:'''Ivanovich''': I just need a little help from you, and we will both reap great rewards from it.
:{{DIcon}} The Northland Bank is a maximum-security facility, you know.
::'''Ivanovich''': Well, of course it is. Why, even the guards are from Snezhnaya. So... Wait, what? What were you even thinking about?
:{{DIcon}} Did you find something new in Liyue's legal codices?
::'''Ivanovich''': Um, honestly, Liyue's laws are very well written indeed. One can hardly find a single loophole in them.
::'''Ivanovich''': *cough* But&mdash;But that's not the point! I always make sure to follow the law!
:'''Ivanovich''': It seems as though your travels have broadened your horizons &mdash; your thoughts are truly imaginative.
:'''Ivanovich''': But my business proposition is one that is both realistic and down-to-earth.
:'''Ivanovich''': I suppose you know of those meteorites that fell from the sky?
:'''Ivanovich''': I want to find one of those meteorites, hack a few pieces off it, and bring them back.
:'''Ivanovich''': Afterwards, we will hire an able craftsman to carve them into jewelry and ornaments...
:'''Ivanovich''': Think about it. Ornaments made from a meteorite. Rings, necklaces, bracelets and earrings... Sure to fetch a fine price with the rich and wealthy.
:'''Ivanovich''': Your part in this is simple, Traveler. You just need to make sure that my work remains undisturbed by monsters.
:'''Ivanovich''': How about it? Do we have a deal?
:{{DIcon}} You shouldn't go near those meteorites.
:'''Ivanovich''': What? Why not? I'm not letting this business opportunity pass me by.
;(A friendship meter appears with 2.5 of 5 hearts)
----
:{{DIcon}} There will be a lot of monsters, you know.
::'''Ivanovich''': I do, and that's what I'll need you for, Traveler.
:;(Friendship level is unchanged)
:{{DIcon}} I'm sure others have had this idea...
::'''Ivanovich''': Why, of course &mdash; and that's precisely why we should make haste.
::'''Ivanovich''': If you're willing to help, Traveler, let's set out at once.
::'''Ivanovich''': Every second we spend shooting the breeze is Mora we could stand to lose!
::'''Paimon''': Wow, we're not getting through to him at all, are we?
::'''Paimon''': Paimon: Maybe we can convince him that his scheme won't make money, or that the meteorites are really dangerous...
:;(Friendship Deteriorated, -1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} You'll faint if you touch those meteorites.
::'''Ivanovich''': Hmm? Ah, yes, I'd heard that humor{{sic}}. This could certainly pose a problem.
::'''Ivanovich''': But I believe that there are machines that can resolve this issue... There should be, right?
::'''Paimon''': Ooh, he's starting to come around. Is he... weighing the profits and losses of this scheme?
::'''Paimon''': Let's keep it up. We've got to convince him that this venture won't make money and that the meteorites are super dangerous.
:;(Friendship Improved, +1 heart)
----
:{{DIcon}} You're doing pretty well for yourself. There's no need to take risks.
::'''Ivanovich''': Risks? Comrade, do you know what we say in Snezhnaya?
::'''Ivanovich''': Pursue perfection, comrade, persue perfection! We must never rest on our laurels.
::'''Ivanovich''': Use ever more refined techniques, earn ever more Mora &mdash; that is how one should behave as a merchant.
:;(Friendship Deteriorated, -1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} Are you sure you can find matching ornaments?
::'''Ivanovich''': Oh, don't worry about that. I will find them one way or another.
::'''Ivanovich''': Silver, gold, precious stones... I should be able to get any of those easily.
:;(Friendship level is unchanged)
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps you could go to the [[Adventurers' Guild]]...
::'''Ivanovich''': Ha! They rejected my commission, saying that "you shouldn't touch those meteorites."
::'''Ivanovich''': Adventurers' Guild, my foot! There's hardly any spirit of adventure there.
::{{DIcon}} Isn't that because they also find those meteorites dangerous?
::'''Ivanovich''': Hmm... When you put it that way, it does make sense. But surely they can't be that dangerous...
:;(Friendship Improved, +1 heart)
----
:{{DIcon}} But the people who buy those ornaments will...
::'''Ivanovich''': Agh, you're right... Even if I'm able to skirt the issue with machinery, those ornaments need to be worn, won't they?
::'''Ivanovich''': If my customers are rendered unconscious, that... might reflect poorly upon me.
::'''Ivanovich''': Well, we could fashion it into a decoration that could be displayed far from anyone. But wouldn't that reduce the price significantly?
::'''Ivanovich''': Hmm, this is tricky...
:;(Friendship Improved, +1 heart)
:{{DIcon}} Those meteorites are very heavy.
::'''Ivanovich''': Ah, that's a small issue. I have already chartered us a vehicle. Surely those meteorites cannot cause even hot air balloons to stop moving.
:;(Friendship level is unchanged)
:{{DIcon}} Will the Millelith even let you go?
::'''Ivanovich''': Oh, come now, dear comrade. We're not doing anything illegal.
::'''Ivanovich''': Understand this: this shower of meteorites is a disaster indeed, but I plan to turn it into opportunity!
:;(Friendship Deteriorated, -1)
----
:'''Ivanovich''': Alright, alright. I understand. You mean to dissuade me from touching those meteorites, don't you?
:'''Ivanovich''': I don't think you'll accept this commission either, will you? Well, if you don't want to, it's fine.
:'''Ivanovich''': It'll be difficult to hire more guards on short notice, yes.
:'''Ivanovich''': But I won't give up! Even if I can't get my hands on a meteorite, I won't give this opportunity up so easily!
:'''Ivanovich''': Well, Traveler, I may not be going to get a meteorite, but I'll need you to help me with something else.
:'''Ivanovich''': If those meteorites really are so fascina&mdash; I mean, dangerous, that they can cause those who touch them to faint...
:'''Ivanovich''': Then the things around those fallen meteorites must also have been affected.
:'''Ivanovich''': Traveler, can you look for something in the area where they fell that you can bring back here? Plants, flowers... anything will do.
:{{DIcon}} Got it...
::'''Ivanovich''': Thank you. I simply cannot let such an opportunity slip by.
:{{DIcon}} Is this what merchants are like?
::'''Ivanovich''': Haha. I'll take that as a compliment. I'm counting on you, then.

;(Talk to Ivanovich again)
:'''Ivanovich:''' I wonder if there's any way to turn these meteorites that render people unconscious into normal rock...
:'''Ivanovich:''' Hmm, no, that's not right. If they turn back into normal rocks, there'd be no profit to be made...
----
;(Approaching the flowers)
:'''Paimon''': We found the Sweet Flowers! But wait... Why does Paimon have a strange feeling about this place?
;(After picking three [[Very Ordinary-Looking Sweet Flower]]s)
:'''Paimon''': There's something over there! Watch out!
;(A [[Pyro Whopperflower]] appears)
----
:'''Ivanovich''': Have you found anything?
:{{DIcon}} I did.
::'''Ivanovich''': Wonderful! Let me see!
::'''Ivanovich''': Ah, a fresh Sweet Flower. Not bad at all. It is indeed abnormal. This must be the influence of the meteorites...
:{{DIcon}} That might be problematic.
::'''Ivanovich''': Hmm? What do you mean?
::'''Ivanovich''': You were attacked while gathering flowers by... flowers? There are flowers that attack people?
::'''Ivanovich''': Aha, that must be the meteorites' influence! That would explain why those flowers are so special.
::{{DIcon}} I'm not sure there's a relation there...
::'''Paimon''': That's right! What do meteorites have to do with flowers, anyway?
::'''Ivanovich''': No, no, no, believe me. This flower is most certainly special in some way.
::{{DIcon}} There's nothing special about this flower, though...
::'''Ivanovich''': No, comrades, no. It was found beside one of those meteorites, so of course there's something special about it.
::'''Paimon''': But this Sweet Flower doesn't look, smell, or feel any different from ordinary ones.
::'''Ivanovich''': Well, as for that... that's not something you need to worry about.
::'''Ivanovich''': Here's your compensation, as we agreed. It was a pleasure doing business with you.
::'''Ivanovich''': Now, how to use this Sweet Flower... In a perfume, or as a bookmark? Perhaps it might even be good dried...
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Unlimited Opportunity
|zhs     = 商机无限
|zhs_rm  = Shāngjī Wúxiàn
|zht     = 商機無限
|zht_rm  = Shāngjī Wúxiàn
|zh_tl   = Unlimited Business Opportunity
|ja      = 無限の商機
|ja_rm   = Mugen no Shouki
|ja_tl   = Infinite Business Opportunities
|ko      = 대박날 기회
|ko_rm   = Daebaknal Gihoe
|ko_tl   = Opportunity to Hit Jackpot
|es      = Un sinfín de oportunidades
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Des opportunités illimitées
|fr_tl   = Unlimited Opportunities
|ru      = Безграничные возможности
|ru_tl   = Unlimited Opportunities
|th      = โอกาสธุรกิจที่ไร้ขีดจำกัด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cơ Hội Kinh Doanh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unbegrenzte Möglichkeiten
|de_tl   = Unlimited Possibilities
|id      = Kesempatan tak Terbatas
|id_tl   = Unlimited Opportunity
|pt      = Oportunidades Ilimitadas
|pt_tl   = Unlimited Opportunities
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ru:Безграничные возможности]]