{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Mondstadt
|affiliation      = Eberhart
}}
The '''unnamed gladiator''' was a gladiator who lived in [[Mondstadt]] 1000 years ago as a slave belonging to [[Eberhart]].

He is the subject of the artifact set [[Gladiator's Finale]], and he wielded [[Deathmatch]] as his weapon.

==Profile==
The unnamed gladiator was a peerless warrior in the arena, and was strong enough that he nearly won his freedom. However, he was eventually defeated and slain by [[Vennessa]], who was serving as a gladiator for the [[Lawrence Clan]].<ref>{{Ref/ArtiSet|Gladiator's Finale}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II|quote=Even if I beat the monsters, I would probably share the fate of Eberhart's slave, and meet my demise at the sword of the red-haired reaper of the Lawrence Clan...}}</ref>

==Story==
For unknown reasons, the gladiator began fighting in the [[Thousand Winds Temple]], which during the time of the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]] was used as a gladiator arena. It is unclear when Eberhart came into ownership of him.

Descriptions of the gladiator's story are vague on whether he ever won his freedom; in Gladiator's Destiny, he is described as being "one battle away from being free." In Deathmatch, it is suggested that the gladiator won his final match for freedom but then willingly gave up his freedom to continue fighting for his and Eberhart's glory, later falling to Vennessa in the final match of his life. Alternatively, the two passages are two different scenarios for the same event, the first (in which he won) is imagined and the second is what actually happened.

Either which way, the gladiator was charmed by Eberhart's perceived care for him and lost sight of his original goal, his freedom, to fight for his and Eberhart's glory. In his final battle, he was eventually bested and slain by Vennessa, who pierced his heart with her sword. As the gladiator lay dying, he looked towards Eberhart's seat, hoping for a last bit of acknowledgement &mdash; only to find his master's seat abandoned and realizing Eberhart had only been using him this whole time.

===Legacy===
The gladiator is mentioned by [[Luther]] in [[Ancient Investigation Journal: Part II]], where he fears he would suffer the gladiator's fate should the expedition to [[Dragonspine]] return empty-handed.

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Gladiador sin nombre]]
[[ja:無名の剣闘士]]