{{Item Infobox
|id           = 100974
|image        = Book Letter.png
|type         = Quest Items
|description  = A letter that seems brand new but that has already been opened. It gives off a light sakura scent.
|source1      = Found in [[Jakotsu Mine]].
}}

'''Unsealed Letter''' is a Quest Item that can be found while exploring in Jakotsu Mine. It is a letter from [[Chouji's Mother]].

==Contents==
To my beloved son, [[Chouji|Zushi Chouji]]

If you're reading this letter, I hope you can forgive me.<br />
Leaving you makes my heart ache, but I have no other choice.<br />
Please do not give up on hope in life or in me... Just as we've never once given up hope that your father, my husband, is alive.<br />
The [[Tatarigami]] presence on the island is very dangerous, so please take good care of yourself.<br />
With the Tatarigami's destruction, the war should soon come to an end. When that time comes, the two warring sides will probably lay down their arms and initiate a joint effort to clean up the corruption on this island.<br />
It's just too bad that I most likely won't be there to see it happen.

You may run into many people who want to take advantage of you or hurt you in the days to come. But do not stop believing in others because of this. There are always more good than bad people out there.<br />
Everything will get better once this war ends.<br />
But please, please do not follow my footsteps or rush to meet me. This is something that I am asking of you as your mother.<br />
Please keep believing and continue to hold out hope for my return.<br />
I will be back, and I will personally apologize to both you and your father.<br />
Please wait for the coming of that day.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Unsealed Letter
|zhs     = 开封的信笺
|zhs_rm  = Kāifēng de Xìnjiān
|zht     = 開封的信箋
|zht_rm  = Kāifēng de Xìnjiān
|ja      = 開封した手紙
|ja_rm   = Kaifuu-shita Tegami
|ko      = 개봉한 편지
|ko_rm   = Gaebonghan Pyeonji
|es      = Carta abierta
|fr      = Lettre ouverte
|ru      = Вскрытое письмо
|th      = จดหมายที่ถูกเปิด
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Bức Thư Mở
|de      = Geöffneter Brief
|id      = Surat Tak Disegel
|pt      = Carta Aberta
|tr      = Açılmış Mektup
|it      = Lettera aperta
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Carta abierta]]
[[ru:Вскрытое письмо]]
[[uk:Незапечатаний лист]]