{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Untainted Autumn Frost.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|summary       = Shenhe comes to visit the Traveler at Angel's Share, and Paimon helps her choose a Snow-Covered Kiss to drink.
|requirement   = Complete [[Dandelion, Rose, and Windwheel Aster]] and [[Surrounded by the Aroma of Tea]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = 
|primogems     = 30
|mora          = 20,000
|other         = 
|characters    = Paimon; Shenhe; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Untainted Autumn Frost''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Drink A-Dreaming]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Luka]] and enter the tavern
# Head to the counter and get ready to open for business
# Talk to [[Shenhe]]
# Mix Shenhe the specified drink
#* "A Snow-Covered Kiss... Paimon chose it."
# Give the drink to Shenhe

==Gameplay Notes==
* "A Snow-Covered Kiss... Paimon chose it."
** {{Ingredient|Juice|2}}{{Ingredient|Milk|1}} in any size cup

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Is the white-haired lady passing by an adeptus from Liyue?"<br />"I can't tell. Can you?" "Me, neither..."}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Another familiar face has arrived at the tavern.'''

;(Talk to Shenhe)
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 01.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Hello, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there! Paimon would be more surprised to see you if we hadn't already seen a bunch of our friends...
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh!? Wait, you're Shenhe! This is a surprise!
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 02.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' This place isn't easy to find. Angel's Share... The name doesn't exactly roll off the tongue.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 03.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Mr. [[Zhongli]] was kind enough to help me with directions. I'm thankful.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You needed help with directions?... Wait, you came all this way just for a drink?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 04.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' That's right.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 05.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Because... we're friends.
:{{DIcon}} What would you like?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Here's the menu!
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 06.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Boreal Watch... Hmm, Boreal? As in a cold climate?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, Boreal Watch here probably is referring to the [[Wolf of the North]]. So yeah, you could say it's cold.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 07.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Caramel Pinecone... How could that be a drink?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, Paimon's tried that one. It's actually caramel flavored coffee. "Pinecone" just refers to the color!
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 08.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Huh...
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 09.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' These names are confusing. I can't make sense of any of these.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 10.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' I'll leave it up to you. As long as it's something that tastes like [[Qingxin]] or [[Violetgrass]].
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Those medicinal herbs don't grow around here. If you want something bitter, then it'd have to be coffee...
:{{DIcon}} How about something sweet instead?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 shenhe 11.ogg}} '''Shenhe:''' Fine.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's a good idea. You've practiced the adepti arts long enough. It's time for something new!
:{{A|vo eqtj008 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's make Shenhe a Snow-Covered Kiss! It sounds like a perfect fit for her.
----
;(If the drink was not made correctly)
:'''(Traveler):''' (We should just make a Snow-Covered Kiss...)

;(After making the drink correctly)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Alright, this drink is looking good.)
----
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 01.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' Hmm, it's sweet and smooth. Not bitter at all. What is it?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 paimon 01.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' It's called a Snow-Covered Kiss! Whisk milk until it froths, and then gently pour it over some juice. It looks like it's covered by a layer of snow.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 paimon 02.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Don't ask why it's called a kiss, though... Paimon doesn't get it either. It's probably just a gimmick to get it to sell better!
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 02.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' A gimmick?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 paimon 03.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon's just guessing... Maybe it's more of a romantic description!
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 03.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' Romantic?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 paimon 04.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... It's hard to explain! Stop making Paimon come up with things.
:{{DIcon}} The milky foam doesn't have much taste to it...
:{{DIcon}} It's kind of like snow on the mountains...
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 paimon 05.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Mm-hmm, that's right.
:{{DIcon}} The moment you taste the sweetness of the juice...
:{{DIcon}} Like a sprout pushing through the ice to give you a kiss...
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 04.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' ...Oh.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 05.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' I see. I seem to understand now.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 paimon 06.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Really?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 paimon 07.ogg|}} '''Paimon:''' But wait, why is Paimon the one who's confused now!?
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 06.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' Occasionally, I chew on divine herbs as I wander about in the mountains. I have witnessed the moment a new sprout breaks through the soil.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 07.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' The elation in my heart then does bear a resemblance to what I'm experiencing now.
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 08.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' Thank you for helping me understand these obscure names, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo eqtj008 2 shenhe 09.ogg|}} '''Shenhe:''' I might need your help again sometime in the future.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Untainted Autumn Frost
|zhs     = 未染尘埃的秋霜
|zhs_rm  = Wèi Rǎn Chén'āi de Qiūshuāng
|zht     = 未染塵埃的秋霜
|zht_rm  = Wèi Rǎn Chén'āi de Qiūshuāng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 汚れ無き秋霜
|ja_rm   = Yogore Naki Shuusou
|ja_tl   = Untainted Autumn Frost
|ko      = 티 없는 가을 서리
|ko_rm   = Ti Eomneun Gaeul Seori
|ko_tl   = Untainted Autumn Frost
|es      = Escarcha impoluta
|es_tl   = Pristine Frost
|fr      = Un impeccable givre d'automne
|fr_tl   = An Impeccable Autumn Frost
|ru      = Безупречный осенний иней
|ru_tl   = Unstained Autumn Frost
|th      = น้ำค้างที่ไร้ฝุ่นในฤดูใบไม้ร่วง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sương Giá Chưa Vướng Bụi Trần
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Unbefleckter Herbstfrost
|de_tl   = Untainted Autumn Frost
|id      = Es Musim Gugur yang Tak Bernoda
|id_tl   = Spotless Autumn Ice
|pt      = Geada de Outono Intocada
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[pt-br:Geada de Outono Intocada]]
[[ru:Безупречный осенний иней]]