{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12037
|image         = Story Quest Upon the Plain a Purple Shadow.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Acer Palmatum Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = A Strange and Friendless Road
|character     = Kaedehara Kazuha
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Byakko Plain]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Byakko Plain
|next          = Through the Mist, a Name Unveiled
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*475;Mora*31,125;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*7
|characters    = Asano; Chao; Chiaki; Kaedehara Kazuha; Kujou Kamaji; Nosaki; Paimon; Ryouhei; Taketani; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Upon the Plain, a Purple Shadow''''' is the first part of {{Quest|A Strange and Friendless Road}}.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Byakko Plain]]
# Defeat the attacker
#* {{Enemy|Yoriki Samurai|text=??? - Sudden Attacker}}
#* [[Co-Op Mode]] is disabled during this step
# Go to [[Ritou]] and look for [[Kazuha]]
# Go to the [[Tenryou Commission Headquarters]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You and Paimon travel near Byakko Plain on your journey...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location in Byakko Plain)
:{{A|vo wylq101 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's been a while since we first set foot on Inazuma!
:{{A|vo wylq101 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So many things have happened since then.
:{{DIcon}} As if in the blink of an eye...
:{{DIcon}} There have been many memorable events.
:{{A|vo wylq101 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah. We've definitely made some progress on our journey.
:{{A|vo wylq101 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, where should we go today?
:{{DIcon}} Wait a moment.
:{{A|vo wylq101 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What's up?
:{{DIcon}} Be careful.
:{{DIcon}} Someone's coming.
:{{color|menu|A strange samurai suddenly shows up and attacks you...}}

:{{A|vo wylq101 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! What the heck was that for!
:{{A|vo wylq101 2 kagotsurubeisshin 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hmph.
:{{A|vo wylq101 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't wanna talk, huh? Alright, let's convince him to calm down a little, Traveler.
----
{{Dialogue End}}
{{Quest Description|update|You and Paimon come across a strange attacker in Byakko Plain who seems to have a special connection with Kazuha. You decide to warn the latter of the danger.}}<!--quest description updates even before you defeat the attacker-->
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After defeating the attacker)
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 kagotsurubeisshin 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Huh? So you don't have a Vision after all.
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 kagotsurubeisshin 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Seems like I've mistaken you for someone else.
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' At the very least, you should make sure you've got the right person before you go attacking them!
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No, wait... even when you've got the right person, you shouldn't go attacking them out of the blue! It's dangerous!
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 kagotsurubeisshin 03.ogg}} '''???:''' Have you ever met someone by the name of Kaedehara Kazuha?
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 kagotsurubeisshin 04.ogg}} '''???:''' He carries a sword, just like you. I've also heard that he possesses an Anemo Vision.
:{{DIcon}} Why are you looking for him?
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 kagotsurubeisshin 05.ogg}} '''???:''' That's none of your business.
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 kagotsurubeisshin 06.ogg}} '''???:''' Hmph, never mind. You don't look like you know anything anyway. I'm wasting my time.
:{{color|menu|The samurai leaves}}
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What the heck is this guy's problem? Coming around here, waving that weird sword in our faces... and didn't even apologize! Seems like a real nutcase.
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, one thing's for sure... No way are we telling him anything about Kazuha.
:{{DIcon}} Couldn't agree more.
::{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Right? Paimon has a feeling though, that even if this guy gets to challenge Kazuha to a duel, he won't be able to beat him.
:{{DIcon}} Very smart! ...For once.
::{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, don't be mean. Paimon's smart lots of the time!
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, just to be on the safe side, we should go find Kazuha right away and tell him to watch his back.
:{{DIcon}} Actually, I have a hunch...
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? What kind of hunch?
:{{DIcon}} I think this guy may have a special connection to Kazuha.
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A special connection? You mean, beyond already knowing each other?
:{{DIcon}} I can't say for sure, but...
:{{DIcon}} ...I feel like their fighting styles are kind of similar.
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, yeah, maybe a little... But then again, most people look pretty much the same once they start fighting, so that doesn't really prove anything...
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, there's no time to lose &mdash; let's go tell Kazuha, so he won't get into any danger!
:{{A|vo wylq101 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon heard that the [[Crux Fleet]] is stocking up in [[Ritou]] at the moment. Let's look for him there.
----
;(Talk to Chao)
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, hello! Do you know where Kazuha is?
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 01.ogg}} '''Chao:''' You're looking for Kazuha too, huh? Guess he must've done something impressive after all.
:{{DIcon}} "Too"?
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 02.ogg}} '''Chao:''' Hahaha, well, we took the small vessels into Ritou on a routine supply run &mdash; only this time, as soon as we entered the harbor, we ran into a huge crowd of Inazumans, all of them wanting to know about Kazuha.
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 03.ogg}} '''Chao:''' If it's because of [[In the Name of the Resistance|that battle]] on [[Nazuchi Beach]], Captain [[Beidou]] had a great run there too, but I don't see her getting this kind of attention!
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 04.ogg}} '''Chao:''' Kazuha keeps to himself most of the time. In fact, there are times when he doesn't even listen to the captain, but she just laughs it off...
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? So, you still don't know what he did.
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 05.ogg}} '''Chao:''' I've heard bits and pieces. Something about him blocking the [[Raiden Shogun]]'s "[[Musou no Hitotachi]]."
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 06.ogg}} '''Chao:''' Is it really as big a deal as everyone's making it out to be?
:{{DIcon}} You could compare it to the technique Beidou used to strike down [[Haishan]].
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 07.ogg}} '''Chao:''' Really? Wow, when you put it like that, it all makes sense. Hahaha, in that case, his new-found stardom is well-deserved!
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 08.ogg}} '''Chao:''' He was called away earlier by some people from the [[Tenryou Commission]]. They said they had something important to discuss with him.
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 09.ogg}} '''Chao:''' I thought they'd come to arrest him at first... turns out they couldn't have been friendlier to him. Seems like they really respect the guy.
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just a little while ago, this would have been completely unimaginable...
:{{DIcon}} The Shogunate probably wants to show some goodwill.
:{{DIcon}} After all, the Raiden Shogun's mindset has changed.
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Thank you! Guess we'll go pay a visit to the Tenryou Commission.
:{{A|vo wylq101 10 chao 10.ogg}} '''Chao:''' Alright then. I'll just stay here and carry on trying to fend off the crowd.

;(Talk to Chao again)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq101 chao 01.ogg}} '''Chao:''' With all this going on, I sure hope no one tries to sneak onto the ship...
----
;(Asano &mdash; idle quote)
:{{A|vo wylq101 7 asano 01.ogg}} '''Asano:''' Kazuha still hasn't arrived...

;(Nosaki &mdash; idle quote)
:{{A|vo wylq101 7 nozaki 01.ogg}} '''Nosaki:''' I really want to see him...

;(Chiaki &mdash; idle quote)
:{{A|vo wylq101 5 chiaki 01.ogg}} '''Chiaki:''' Eh? Wasn't he...

;(Ryouhei &mdash; idle quote)
:{{A|vo wylq101 5 ryouhei 01.ogg}} '''Ryouhei:''' He's with The Crux...

;(Taketani &mdash; idle quote)
:{{A|vo wylq101 9 taketani 01.ogg}} '''Taketani:''' Gotta interview him today...

;(Talk to Asano or Nosaki, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq101 asano 01.ogg}} '''Asano:''' He still hasn't arrived? Come on, Kaedehara Kazuha...
:{{A|vo dialog wylq101 nozaki 01.ogg}} '''Nosaki:''' All I want is to see our hero with my own eyes.

;(Talk to Ryouhei or Chiaki, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq101 ryouhei 01.ogg}} '''Ryouhei:''' I heard that that guy who took on the Musou no Hitotachi is actually working as a sailor with the Crux Fleet...
:{{A|vo dialog wylq101 chiaki 01.ogg}} '''Chiaki:''' Eh? Wasn't he from [[Watatsumi Island]]'s army?

;(Talk to Taketani, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq101 taketani 01.ogg}} '''Taketani:''' I gotta interview him today... I have to...
----
;(Approach Kaedehara Kazuha and Kujou Kamaji in the Tenryou Commission Headquarters)
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 01.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Oh? It's you, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Greetings. We were just discussing the repealing of the [[Vision Hunt Decree]]. Since you're here, you're very welcome to listen in on the conversation.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' We invited Mr. Kaedehara here to extend a gesture of goodwill on behalf of the Shogunate.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Your hard work has secured for us the agreeable state of affairs that we now enjoy. Also, I have been granted the chance to correct my clan's past mistakes, and for that, I am deeply grateful.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' The Almighty Shogun has issued a large array of directives aimed at resolving, or at least easing, the tensions that have built up over the years.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 05.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' The Tri-Commission has made the recommendation to use this opportunity to restore the honor of the Kaedehara name.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 06.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Regarding the history of the Kaedehara Clan... I trust that you are already somewhat informed?
:{{DIcon}} I've heard a thing or two.
:{{DIcon}} I forget.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 07.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' In short, there once was a group of select bladesmiths who served the Shogun directly, responsible for upholding and further developing the traditional blade-forging arts of the Almighty Shogun. The Kaedehara Clan belonged to this class.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 08.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' But there came a time when some of these bladesmiths revolted and fled to Snezhnaya. Both the Kaedehara and Kamisato Clans were held accountable for lax oversight, and entered a period of great turmoil.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 09.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' We later learned that the whole misadventure had been secretly orchestrated by the Fatui. Attributing all of the blame to the Kamisato and Kaedehara Clans was neither proper, nor just.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 10.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Considering Mr. Kaedehara has once more made an outstanding contribution to Inazuma, the Almighty Shogun believes he should not only be rewarded for his achievements, but also receive recompense for the excessive punishment borne by his clan in the past.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 11.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' In the interest of preventing further harassment of the bladesmith clans by the Fatui, we chose not to publicly release the findings of our investigations into these matters. We trust you can understand why this was necessary.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 02.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This is a true honor. I am delighted to be in a position to receive the goodwill of the Almighty Shogun and the Shogunate at large.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 03.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' However... would I be correct to assume that this magnanimous gesture does not come without some strings attached?
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 12.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I can assure you that nothing could be further from the truth. We seek only to correct a past injustice.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 13.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' With the Kaedehara Clan's reputation and occupation restored, the Kaedeharas will be bladesmiths once more, and your wanderings will finally come to an end.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 14.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' You will be able to lead a safe and prosperous life in Inazuma City with the Almighty Shogun's blessing and the full support of the Shogunate.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 04.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I have grown accustomed to life among the elements, I fear I would no longer feel at home behind the tall walls of a stately abode.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 05.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Yet my ancestors did indeed take great pride in the name of Kaedehara and the art of blademaking for which it stood. I do have a responsibility to restore their honor.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 15.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' I sense some hesitation in your words.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 16.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Should you accept this offer, I imagine many of the malicious rumors currently circulating through the populace will disappear.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Malicious rumors? All we heard on the way here was so much praise that we almost wondered whether there was another Kaedehara Kazuha in town.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 17.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Well, to some, the Musou no Hitotachi is something that can never be defeated. They cannot accept the idea that Mr. Kaedehara really parried the Shogun's strike.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 18.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Also, eye-witnesses saw him using the power of Electro in addition to that of Anemo. As a result, the falsehood that "Kaedehara Kazuha was using a [[Delusion]]" began to spread...
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? But that doesn't make sense. Using a Delusion turns you old and frail, and Kazuha still looks fine...
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 19.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' That is correct. However, to some people, the idea of a single person wielding two elements at once is a more inconceivable notion still.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 06.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' This is just one of many similar rumors. I am very uncomfortable with being the subject of public discussion, no matter whether it brings suspicion or stardom my way.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 07.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' But perhaps, if the Shogunate is willing to publicly support me, this situation will blow over more quickly...
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 20.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' This is precisely why I'd encourage you to give our offer some serious thought. It stands to benefit all of us.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 08.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Hmm. Please allow me some time to consider.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 09.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' In fact, let us put this discussion on hold for the moment. Well then, what brings the two of you here?
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yikes, we nearly forgot about the most important thing!
:{{Black Screen|You and Paimon recount the attack on the outskirts of town to Kazuha.}}
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 10.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Why would such a dangerous individual be looking for me...?
:{{DIcon}} Do you have any siblings?
:{{DIcon}} Could it be someone you trained with under the same master?
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 11.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' No. This puzzles me as much as it does you.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 12.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' My fighting forms were taught to me by my family, based on techniques originally developed for blade-testing. We undergo rigorous training to standardize every motion the blade is put through, so that each can be fairly assessed for quality.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 13.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Over time, these techniques came to form something of a Kaedehara sword art, focused on blade-testing but with a full repertoire of combat forms.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 14.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Those forms are quite different from the more practical ones typically used by samurai in battle, so it's hard to imagine that the similarity you speak of was coincidence alone...
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All the more reason to watch your back! This guy was a serious nutcase.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 15.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Indeed. He sounds highly aggressive. Anyone he targets is at risk of serious injury, or worse.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 21.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' In that case, I will send some men out immediately to search for him.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 16.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Thank you. I must say, I am now very curious about this matter, and I will also need some time to consider your offer.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 17a.ogg}} {{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 17b.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' I will first join the Traveler in investigating the one who attacked {{MC|him|her}}, then give you a conclusive answer upon my return.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kujoukamaji 22.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Very well. Please stay safe.
:{{A|vo wylq101 12 kazuha 18.ogg}} '''Kaedehara Kazuha:''' Come on. Let's go and track down your aggressor.

;(Talk to Kujou Kamaji again)
:{{A|vo dialog wylq101 kujoukamaji 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Kamaji:''' Please, be careful during your investigation.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* The history of the Kaedehara Clan was explored in ''[[True Tales of the Violet Garden]]''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Upon the Plain, a Purple Shadow
|zhs     = 平野现紫影
|zhs_rm  = Píngyě Xiàn Zǐyǐng
|zht     = 平野現紫影
|zht_rm  = Píngyě Xiàn Zǐyǐng
|zh_tl   = Purple Shadow Appears Upon the Plain
|ja      = 平野に現れし紫影
|ja_rm   = Heiya ni Arawareshi Shiei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Purple Shadow Appearing Upon the Plain
|ko      = 평야에 드리운 자줏빛 그림자
|ko_rm   = Pyeong'ya-e Deuriun Jajutbit Geurimja
|ko_tl   = Purple Shadow On the Plain
|es      = Una sombra púrpura en la llanura
|es_tl   = A Purple Shadow on the Plain
|fr      = Une ombre pourpre sur la plaine
|fr_tl   = A Purple Shadow Upon the Plain
|ru      = Лиловая тень в спокойных равнинах
|ru_tl   = Lily Shadow in Tranquil Plains
|th      = เงาสีม่วงปรากฏบนพื้นราบ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Bình Nguyên Hiện Ánh Tím
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Purpurner Schatten auf der Ebene
|de_tl   = Purpure Shadow Upon the Plain
|id      = Bayangan Ungu di Padang Belantara
|id_tl   = Purple Shadow in the Wilderness
|pt      = Sobre a Planície, Uma Sombra Roxa
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ovanın Üzerinde, Bir Mor Gölge
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sulla pianura, un'ombra purpurea
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

[[es:Una sombra púrpura en la llanura]]
[[pt-br:Sobre a Planície, Uma Sombra Roxa]]