{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Urgent Orders
|image             = Urgent Orders.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-10-04 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-10-11 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/126128
|linkname          = Official Announcement
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20241004xilonen-aevsua/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Xilonen
}}
{{Description|During the event, interact with objects in the environment to gather Inspiration. Help Xilonen complete all forging commissions on time and deliver the forged items to receive in-game item rewards.}}
'''Urgent Orders''' is [[Web Event]] in [[Version 5.0]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
October 4, 2024 12:00 – October 11, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

===Eligibility===
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

===Event Summary===
During the event, interact with objects in the environment to gather Inspiration. Help [[Xilonen]] complete all forging commissions on time and deliver the forged items to receive in-game item rewards.

===Gameplay Details===
# During the event, interact with objects in the environment to gather Inspiration and help Xilonen complete all three forging commissions. After the Delivery Alpaca delivers the forged items, you will be able to receive in-game item rewards.
# Complete all forging commissions to claim the event wallpaper.

===Event Notes===
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpapers are not available after the event ends. Please claim them in time.
# After completing all forging commissions, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 40
|Mystic Enhancement Ore = 2
|Prithiva Topaz Fragment = 3
|Mora = 20000
|sort  = Primogem,Mystic Enhancement Ore,Prithiva Topaz Fragment,Mora
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Urgent Orders
|zhs      = 加急订单
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 急件訂單
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 至急のオーダー
|ja_rm    = Shikyuu no Oodaa
|ja_tl    = Urgent Orders
|ko       = 긴급 주문
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Pedidos urgentes
|es_tl    = Urgent Requests
|fr       = Commandes urgentes
|fr_tl    = Urgent Orders
|ru       = Срочные заказы
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ออเดอร์ด่วนจี๋
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đơn Hàng Khẩn Cấp
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Expressbestellung
|de_tl    = Express Order
|id       = Pesanan Ekspres
|id_tl    = Express Orders
|pt       = Pedido Urgente
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Acil Siparişler
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Ordini urgenti
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

[[es:Pedidos urgentes]]
[[fr:Commandes urgentes]]
[[pt-br:Pedido Urgente]]
[[ru:Срочные заказы]]
[[vi:Đơn Hàng Khẩn Cấp]]