{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 20007; 20017; 20018
|type           = Commission
|image          = Commission Urgent Repairs.png
|caption        = [[Magar]]'s version
|region         = Mondstadt
|npc            = Allan, Farrah, Magar
|startLocation  = [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]]
|startLocation2 = [[Windwail Highland]], Mondstadt
|characters     = Allan; Farrah; Terrified Magar; Traveler
|other          = 
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Urgent Repairs''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Springvale]], [[Mondstadt]] and [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]].
==Steps==
#Go check the details
#Defeat all enemies
#Talk to Magar/Allan/Farrah
#Collect wood
#Give the [[Sturdy Plank]] to Magar/Allan/Farrah
#Defeat all enemies
#Talk to Magar/Allan/Farrah
#Collect [[A Bundle of Ropes|rope]]
#Give the rope to Magar/Allan/Farrah

==Gameplay Notes==
* The transport has limited HP and starts off with 50% HP.
** Letting the transport hit 0 HP will reset the commission to step 1 (or 2 if the player is near the cart), respawning the transport and then setting its health to 50% again.
* During Step 4, there are three to four investigation spots that can each yield a [[Fragile Wooden Plank]] or a [[Sturdy Plank]] as indicated by the icon next to "Pick Up". Picking up the Sturdy Plank automatically moves you to Step 5 and you cannot pick up any remaining planks. All planks are removed from your inventory when giving the Sturdy Plank to the NPC.
*If other monsters nearby are alerted, they will also target the cargo over the player.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Enemies==
===Magar version===
;Wave 1
*{{Enemy|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard|x=2}}
*{{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=1}}
*{{Enemy|Unarmed Hilichurl|x=1}}
;Wave 2
*{{Enemy|Electro Hilichurl Shooter|x=2}}
*{{Enemy|Pyro Hilichurl Shooter|x=1}}
*{{Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl|x=1}}
===Farrah version===
;Wave 1
*{{Enemy|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard|x=2}}
*{{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=1}}
*{{Enemy|Unarmed Hilichurl|x=1}}
;Wave 2
*{{Enemy|Electro Hilichurl Shooter|x=2}}
*{{Enemy|Hydro Samachurl|x=1}}
*{{Enemy|Wooden Shield Mitachurl|x=1}}
===Allan version===
;Wave 1
*{{Enemy|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard|x=2}}
*{{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=1}}
*{{Enemy|Unarmed Hilichurl|x=1}}
;Wave 2
*{{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter|x=1}}
*{{Enemy|Hilichurl Grenadier|x=1}}
*{{Enemy|Dendro Samachurl|x=1}}
*{{Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl|x=1}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"Help! Help me!" (Magar/Allan/Farrah while battling the hilichurls)

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Magar's/Allan's/Farrah's cart was damaged by monsters, gather materials to help him with the repairs.<hr />'''Magar's version:''' [[Magar]] is transporting goods to Springvale, but his transport was attacked by hilichurls, and now both he and the transport are in danger...<br />'''Allan's version:''' [[Allan]] was transporting hunting goods to Mondstadt, but his [[Transport Balloon|transport]] was attacked by [[hilichurls]], and now both he and the transport are in danger...<br />'''Farrah's version:''' [[Farrah]] was taking some goods to a spot near [[Drunkard Gorge]] to sell to passing trade caravans, but his transport was attacked by hilichurls, and now both he and the transport are in danger...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
===Magar===
;(Idle quote while battling the hilichurls)
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Help! Help me!

;(Talk to Magar after defeating the hilichurls and successfully protecting the transport)
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Thank you, Traveler. Ugh, trust me to find a way to balls everything up...
:'''Terrified Magar:''' If I can't even take a cart of wine from A to B without running into trouble... What good am I for anything?
:'''Terrified Magar:''' I'll be fired from the [[Dawn Winery|Winery]] If I don't get my act together... That is, if Mr. [[Connor]] isn't on to me already. Ugh, I bet Mr. [[Elzer]]'s drafting up my dismissal letter as I speak... It's hopeless, it's all hope&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Whoa Nelly! Calm down.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' *sigh* Well, even if my job situation is beyond hope, I should still get this cart to its destination.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' The cart's also been damaged... Traveler, could I trouble you to help me find what I need? Just one {{Color|buzzword|Sturdy Plank}} will be enough.
:{{DIcon}} Alright. Don't you worry.
::'''Terrified Magar:''' Phew... Thanks. Meanwhile, I'll... have a&mdash; a think about how to fix the cart.
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid I have to go...
::'''Terrified Magar:''' Don't go... Please. If I try, I&mdash;I'll only mess it up again. I need you. You're my only hope.

;(Talk to Magar again)
:'''Terrified Magar:''' You should be able to find a {{Color|buzzword|Sturdy Plank}} in the forest. Bring it to me when you find one, yeah?
----
;(After retrieving the Sturdy Plank and talking to Magar)
:'''Terrified Magar:''' That'll do the trick. I should be able to fix the cart now. I think. I hope...
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Shoot, they're back! Help me, Traveler!

;(Idle quote while battling the hilichurls)
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Help! Help me!
----
;(Talk to Magar after defeating the hilichurls and successfully protecting the transport)
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Phew... Thank goodness you are here, Traveler.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' But I don't know how I'm going to fix my cart now, after that.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' There's damage everywhere... I guess I'll have to patch it up as best I can<!--as is in-game-->, whatever I do it's not going to be a permanent fix.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Never mind. As long as it holds together for the journey into town, I can figure out the next step once I'm there.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' I thought there was some rope in the cart... Gah, they must have made off with it.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Traveler... Why don't you take a loop in the woods over there for me? If there's a {{Color|buzzword|Rope}} around that would be perfect.
:{{DIcon}} Will do.
::'''Terrified Magar:''' Great. You do that, and I'll&mdash; I'll, uh, keep watch.
:{{DIcon}} No can do.
::'''Terrified Magar:''' Uh... But you're the only one here who can help me, so... Thanks in advance...!

;(Talk to Magar again)
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Take a look in the woods over there for me, would you? If you find a {{Color|buzzword|rope}}, bring it to me.
----
;(Return to Magar with the rope)
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Thank you, Traveler. That will do nicely.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' This should hold out long enough to get me to Springvale. Once I've dropped off the goods there, I'll head back to the winery and update them on what went down.
:'''Terrified Magar:''' Hopefully Elzer doesn't fire me on the spot when he sees what's happened to his cart...

===Allan===
;(Idle quote while battling the hilichurls)
:'''Allan:''' Help! Help me!

;(Talk to Allan after defeating the hilichurls and successfully protecting the transport)
:'''Allan:''' Th&mdash;Thank you, (Traveler), I can't believe my luck... I was sure I was done for...
:'''Allan:''' This cart is loaded up with everything the hunters managed to catch. [[Draff]] had me deliver it to [[City of Mondstadt|the city]].
:'''Allan:''' I'm... not the best hunter in the world, but a simple delivery is something I should be able to handle. Or so I thought...
:'''Allan:''' I very nearly messed the whole thing up. This attack was completely out of the blue. I guess they must have been after the goods. It's a good thing you showed up when you did.
:'''Allan:''' Erm, it's not easy for me to ask, but... My cart was damaged in the attack, and it's my only way out of here.
:'''Allan:''' I'm sure the woods around here would have the materials I need for any repairs, but I just can't bring myself to leave my goods unattended.
:'''Allan:''' If it's not too much hassle, would you be able to take a look around and help me find a {{Color|buzzword|Sturdy Plank}}?
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I've got this.
::'''Allan:''' Fantastic! I'll be waiting right here. Please don't be too long though, I feel like they might come back...
:{{DIcon}} Come on, you've got this!
::'''Allan:''' Please, I'm begging you! They might still be nearby... I need to disappear as soon as possible, and you're the only one who can help make that happen!

;(Talk to Allan again)
:'''Allan:''' It just needs patching up here and there, just enough so it can make it to Mondstadt.
:'''Allan:''' There's bound to be some useful timber in the woods around here.
----
;(After retrieving the Sturdy Plank and talking to Allan)
:'''Allan:''' That's plenty, in just two seconds I'll have this...
:'''Allan:''' Ahhh! They're back, Traveler, they're back!

;(Idle quote while battling the hilichurls)
:'''Allan:''' Help! Help me!
----
;(Talk to Allan after defeating the hilichurls and successfully protecting the transport)
:'''Allan:''' You're a life-saver! They are awfully persistent, aren't they? I wonder what those hunters caught that is so irresistible...
:'''Allan:''' I have nothing but admiration for Draff, managing to hunt such fine specimens. *sigh* If only I could learn to hunt like him...
:'''Allan:''' Well, first things first. Better get this old thing into the city.
:'''Allan:''' Argh, you're not going to believe this... I was almost done repairing the cart, but they did a little bit more damage when they attacked again...
:'''Allan:''' Things can only get worse the longer I stay here. I need to fix this as soon as possible. There was some rope in the back, but the hilichurls must have nabbed it.
:'''Allan:''' Traveler &mdash; may I trouble you to look around the area and see if you can find some {{Color|buzzword|rope}}?
:{{DIcon}} In for a penny...
::'''Allan:''' Wonderful! There should be some in the woods.
:{{DIcon}} I have other things to do.
::'''Allan:''' But... This is the final step. I just need the rope and then I can take things from there! Sorry to trouble you...

;(Talk to Allan again)
:'''Allan:''' There should be some rope in the woods.
----
;(Return to Allan with the rope)
:'''Allan:''' That should do it. It feels like it could fall apart at any moment, but as long as it gets me back to Mondstadt I'll be fine.
:'''Allan:''' Thanks for everything! I'm good to go now. Get in touch next time you're in Springvale and let's get a drink!
:'''Allan:''' ...As long as you don't drink like Draff, that is.

===Farrah===
;(Idle quote while battling the hilichurls)
:'''Farrah:''' Help! Help me!

;(Talk to Farrah after defeating the hilichurls and successfully protecting the transport)
:'''Farrah:''' No, please! Don't hurt me! No&mdash; ah? Traveler, where did all the hilichurls go?
:'''Farrah:''' Great! Thank you so much! Are they really all gone?
:'''Farrah:''' Phew... I owe you. That said, after all that fuss I won't be able to catch up to the caravan now.
:'''Farrah:''' What's more my cart is broken. I need to get it fixed and head to the city before the fruit goes bad.
:'''Farrah:''' Once this much fruit goes bad&mdash; You can't even imagine the smell. I'll never manage to wash it out.
:'''Farrah:''' I'm going to have to take stock again... I can already smell some of the fruit going bad.
:'''Farrah:''' Could you please help me by taking a look around for some materials to fix my cart with? A {{Color|buzzword|Sturdy Plank}} should be enough to do it.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Farrah:''' Great! I'll wait for you here. Ugh, I wish I could find the fruits that have gone bad already...
:{{DIcon}} I'm leaving this one to you.
::'''Farrah:''' Wait! Please... Smell that? Now imagine that, but a thousand times worse &mdash; that'll be my cart if I don't shift all this fruit before long! Please help me.

;(Talk to Farrah again)
:'''Farrah:''' There should be plenty of {{Color|buzzword|Sturdy Planks}} in the forest. Please hurry, if we wait too much longer all the fruit will be lost.
----
;(After retrieving the Sturdy Plank and talking to Farrah)
:'''Farrah:''' This is plenty. I'll get this cart fixed up as soon as I've washed my hands...
:'''Farrah:''' Huh? They're&mdash; they're back...! Traveler! They're baaaack!!!

;(Idle quote while battling the hilichurls)
:'''Farrah:''' Help! Help me!
----
;(Talk to Farrah after defeating the hilichurls and successfully protecting the transport)
:'''Farrah:''' Thank you so much, Traveler.
:'''Farrah:''' Although, they seem pretty persistent. I can't stay here any longer, it's just too dangerous.
:'''Farrah:''' They've bashed up the cart yet again. There's no point in me trying to fix it up perfectly... I guess I'll just have to make do by wrapping a rope&mdash; Oh for heaven's sake, where is my rope!?
:'''Farrah:''' I cannot believe this! Those monsters must've run off with it. Traveler... how's about you see if you can't find me a nice bit of {{Color|buzzword|rope}} around here...?
:{{DIcon}} Certainly!
::'''Farrah:''' I appreciate it! Those monsters seem to want anything and everything they can get their hands on.
:{{DIcon}} Certainly not!
::'''Farrah:''' Hey, wait! W&mdash;What if they come back, then what am I supposed to do!? An artillery of apples won't do much good!
::'''Farrah:''' Come on, without your help I'll be done for!

;(Talk to Farrah again)
:'''Farrah:''' There has to be some rope nearby. Please, if you could just take a look for me.
----
;(Return to Farrah with the rope)
:'''Farrah:''' Perfect. That'll see me as far the city, at least.
:'''Farrah:''' Thanks for your help, Traveler. May we meet again.
:'''Farrah:''' Ugh, how am I going to get rid of this awful smell...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Urgent Repairs
|zhs     = 紧急修理
|zhs_rm  = Jǐnjí Xiūlǐ
|zht     = 緊急修理
|zht_rm  = Jǐnjí Xiūlǐ
|zh_tl   = Urgent Repair
|ja      = 緊急整備
|ja_rm   = Kinkyuu Seibi
|ja_tl   = Urgent Maintenance
|ko      = 긴급 수리
|ko_rm   = Gingeup Suri
|ko_tl   = Urgent Repairs
|es      = Reparaciones urgentes
|es_tl   = Urgent Repairs
|fr      = Réparation urgente
|fr_tl   = Urgent Repair
|ru      = Аварийный ремонт
|ru_tl   = Emergency Repair
|th      = ซ่อมแซมด่วน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Urgent Repair
|vi      = Sửa Khẩn Cấp
|vi_tl   = Urgent Repair
|de      = Notreparatur
|de_tl   = Emergency Repair
|id      = Perbaikan Darurat
|id_tl   = Emergency Repair
|pt      = Conserto Urgente
|pt_tl   = Urgent Repair
|tr      = Acil Onarımlar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Riparazioni urgenti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|Standalone}}

[[es:Reparaciones urgentes]]
[[fr:Réparation urgente]]
[[pt-br:Conserto Urgente]]
[[ru:Аварийный ремонт]]