{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Ursa the Drake.png
|type             = Manga-Only
|deceased         = Past
}}
'''Ursa the Drake''' was a [[dragon|draconic]] creature that plagued [[Mondstadt]] for over a thousand years until it was finally vanquished by [[Il Dottore]] at an unknown point in time in the recent past.

It only appears in the [[manga]].

==Story==
===1000 Years Ago===
While [[Vennessa]]'s tribe was wandering the wilderness, they one day ran afoul of Ursa the Drake. It hounded them for four days, starving them and forcing them to seek refuge in the [[City of Mondstadt]]. Though they were safe from Ursa, they found themselves enslaved by the tyrannical aristocracy that now ruled the city.

Ten years later, Vennessa raised the ire of Barca Lawrence, the heir to the city's ruler, Lord Lawrence, when she protected [[Venti]] during [[Ludi Harpastum]]. In retaliation, Lord Lawrence purchased her and her clan, then imprisoned her and forced her to fight twelve battles for her freedom. Her final battle turned out to be against Ursa the Drake &mdash; and her clan would be fighting with her. With Ursa and its [[hilichurls]] on one side and Lawrence's archers on the other, Vennessa despaired about their certain death but pressed on anyways. At this moment, Venti &mdash; revealing himself as the Anemo [[Archon]], [[Barbatos]] &mdash; appeared and helped Vennessa subdue the dragon, forcing it and its army to flee.<ref name="Manga0">{{Ref/Manga|0}}</ref>

===4 Years Ago===
On [[Diluc]]'s eighteenth birthday, he and his father, [[Crepus]], were returning from [[Angel's Share]] to [[Dawn Winery]] when they were suddenly attacked by Ursa. Even Diluc was unable to land a scratch on it, but Crepus managed to drive it away by using a [[Delusion]] &mdash; only to be slain by the Delusion's power when it backfired on him. Unbeknownst to Diluc and [[Kaeya]], who came to help them shortly after its departure, Ursa's attack was instigated by a metal bug placed by the [[Fatui]].

[[Eroch]], an Investigator in the Knights of Favonius, told Diluc to take the credit for defeating Ursa, claiming that the Knights of Favonius' reputation would be hit if people discovered that a "mere businessman" had done the deed. Enraged by this statement, Diluc resigned from the Knights of Favonius.<ref>{{Ref/Manga|9}}</ref> Eroch then took the credit for himself, which prompted Grand Master [[Varka]] to open an investigation after [[Jean]] reported the circumstances to him.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|All's Well That Ends Well (Quest)}}</ref> This eventually led to Eroch and his supporters to be ousted from the Knights of Favonius.<ref>Event [[Hidden Strife]] Interactables: [[Hidden Strife/Story#Optional Letters|Optional Letters]]</ref><ref>{{Ref/CS|Jean|Vision}}</ref>

===Ursa's Death===
An unknown time after Crepus' tragic death, Dottore slew Ursa. This incident indebted Mondstadt to [[Snezhnaya]] and forced them into a less favorable position with the Fatui.

==Abilities==
* '''Language Fluency:''' It appears that Ursa was capable of speech, or at the very least could understand human language, as Lord Lawrence says he secured a pact for lasting peace from its attacks by offering Vennessa and her tribe up as sacrifices to them.<ref name="Manga0" />
* '''Hilichurl Control:''' Ursa the Drake is seen controlling hilichurls while attacking Vennessa and her clan outside Mondstadt. Notably, some of those hilichurls have wings &mdash; suggesting such hilichurls used to exist.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ursa the Drake
|zhs     = 魔龙乌萨
|zhs_rm  = Mólóng Wūsà
|zht     = 魔龍烏薩
|zht_rm  = Mólóng Wūsà
|zh_tl   = Demon Dragon Ursa
|ja      = 魔龍ウルサ
|ja_rm   = Maryuu Urusa{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Demon Dragon Ursa
|ko      = {{tt|마룡|魔龍}} 우르사
|ko_rm   = Maryong Ureusa
|ko_tl   = Demon Dragon Ursa
|es      = Dragόn Malvado Ursa
|es_tl   = Evil Dragon Ursa
|fr      = Ursa le maléfique
|fr_tl   = Ursa the Maleficent
|ru      = Великий дракон Урса
|ru_tl   = Great Dragon Ursa
|th      = มังกรร้ายเออร์ซ่า
|th_rm   = Mangkon Rai Oesa
|th_tl   = Evil Dragon Ursa
|vi      = Ursa the Drake
|de      = Drache Ursa
|de_tl   = Dragon Ursa
|id      = Ursa the Drake
|pt      = Ursa, O Draco
|pt_tl   = Ursa, the Dragon
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[Category:Antagonists]]
[[Category:Dragons]]

[[pt-br:Ursa o Draco]]