{{Terminology Infobox
|type = Game Systems
}}
The '''user ID''' or '''UID''' of a player is a unique identifier that helps distinguish players from each other in [[Co-Op Mode]]. UIDs are used primarily for joining other player's worlds, but UIDs can also be used to add people to the friend list and blacklist people from joining other's worlds as well as identify which server a user is playing on.

==Format==
{{Stub|Which mainland China UIDs are for Celestia and Irminsul Servers?}}
UIDs are usually 9 digits long. The first digit indicates the server the player is located on. The rest of the UID is a number between 0 and 99999999. UIDs do not display any leading zeros, so they may be less than 9 digits long.

{| class="wikitable"
! Servers
! UID Prefix
! Suited Region
|-
| (''Internal'')
| 0
| (''miHoYo internal'')<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/fwOlW3ndDa8?t=759 The Birth of a Dragon]</ref><ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/thdCksamSog?t=368 The World of Opera]</ref>
|-
| {{lang|mini=1|zh=天空岛|zh_lit=[[Celestia]]}}
| 1 or 2
| Mainland China
|-
| {{lang|mini=1|zh=世界树|zh_lit=[[Irminsul]]}}
| 5
| Mainland China (bilibili or Xiaomi channels)
|-
| America [NA]
| 6
| North and South America
|-
| Europe [EU]
| 7
| Europe, and Africa
|-
| Asia [ASIA]
| 8
| Asia and Australia (excluding the Special Administrative Region)
|-
| TW, HK, MO [SAR]
| 9
| Taiwan, Hong Kong, and Macao
|}

It is not possible to play with players on different servers nor is it possible to sync data across different servers.

==Displaying UID==
The UID is always visible in the bottom right corner of the screen and remains visible until blurred out or removed. The UID is also visible in the [[Paimon Menu]].

In the Co-Op list, the UID is visible by opening a player's profile. The UID is displayed under their nickname.

==Trivia==
* A UID 1644869720 is used specifically in the iPad Air demo at Apple's special event.<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/CUwg_JoNHpo?t=986 Apple Event March 8]</ref> Subsequent clips in the same demo hide the UID.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Game Systems Navbox|Other}}