{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Ushi.png
|type             = Quest NPC
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
|element          = Geo
|affiliation      = Arataki Gang
|title            = Beefcake
|voiceEN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/刘照坤 Liu Zhaokun ({{zh|刘照坤}})]<ref>Bilibili: [https://t.bilibili.com/666368329244475440 VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = Liu Zhaokun ({{zh|刘照坤}})
|voiceJP          = Liu Zhaokun ({{zh|刘照坤}})
|voiceKR          = Liu Zhaokun ({{zh|刘照坤}})
}}
'''Ushi'''{{Lang|ja=丑雄|ja_rm=Ushio}} is an auxiliary member of the [[Arataki Gang]].

He assists [[Arataki Itto]] when he uses his Elemental Skill, [[Masatsu Zetsugi: Akaushi Burst!]]

==Profile==
===Appearance===
Ushi is a young Akaushi bull with a chunky body type and stubby legs. Additionally, he also dons a pair of golden horns atop his head, and attached to the tip of his tail is a shape resembling the shard created from the [[Crystallize]] elemental reaction. He has yellow eyes; thick, furrowed eyebrows; and a white snout for his facial features. His coat is brown, with golden markings on his hooves; cheeks, albeit lighter in color; and across his body.

Ushi carries a small dark navy blue and red roof on his back, with golden faces resembling that of an [[oni]]. The roof is tied to Ushi with a rope in purple and white accents, similar to Itto's ropes on his outfit.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* Ushi's design is inspired by the {{lang|{{w|akabeko}}|ja=赤べこ|ja_tl=red cow}}, a traditional papier-mâché toy and souvenir of the {{w|Aizu}} region in Japan.
** The first akabeko toys date back to 1590, during a smallpox outbreak in Japan. Children who owned akabeko seemed not to catch the illness, leading to an increased demand for the toys in order to ward off the "smallpox demon" believed to be responsible for the outbreak. Akabeko are still used as charms to ward off illness, and Ushi's ability to exorcise youkai and evil spirits<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Chasmic Maze}}</ref> likely alludes to this.
** There are two versions of the legend of the akabeko, both related to the construction of a Buddhist temple. In about 807 CE, while a monk was supervising the building of a temple in Yanaizu, Fukushima, he noticed a large, sturdy red cow, called "akabeko," among the cattle used to haul lumber.
*** In the first version, the akabeko's flesh turned to stone when it gave its spirit to a Buddha after the temple was completed. Ushi's own status as a [[Geo Construct]] may be a nod to this aspect of the myth.
*** In the second version, the akabeko refused to leave the temple even after it had been finished, and it eventually became a permanent fixture of the temple itself. Ushi has similarly refused to leave Itto's side since meeting him.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|At Tunnel's End, Light}}</ref>
* Akaushi cattle are a real breed of cattle in Japan, commonly bred for their red Wagyu meat.
* When summoned or exiting the battlefield, Ushi will make a noise similar to a cow's "moo" sound.
* Itto's nickname for him is "Beefcake."
* Ushi shares his voice actor in all voice-over languages with Itto's Chinese voice actor.

===Etymology===
* Ushi {{Lang|ja=丑}} translates to "ox."

==Gallery==
{{Files by Character Gallery|titlematch=<!--
-->Version 2.3 "Shadows Amidst Snowstorms" Trailer - Genshin Impact-2¦<!--
-->Arataki Itto TPRGT 2022 - Aether.png¦<!--
-->Arataki Itto TPRGT 2022 - Lumine.png¦<!--
-->Perilous Trail Event Cutscene Animation- "Moment of Life or Death" - Genshin Impact¦<!--
-->Arataki Itto Shorts 2022-06-20.png¦<!--
-->Genshin Impact EP - Hanamizaka's Aspirations
}}

===Genius Invokation TCG===
{{Genius Invokation TCG Cards by Featured Gallery}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Ushi
|zhs     = 阿丑
|zhs_rm  = Ā Chǒu
|zht     = 阿丑
|zht_rm  = Ā Chǒu
|zh_note = {{zh|阿|rm=Ā|tl={{wt|Ah||Etymology 2}}}} is a Chinese prefix for names to express familiarity.
|zhja_note = The character {{zh|丑|Chǒu}}/{{ja|丑|rm=Ushi}} refers to the {{w|Ox (zodiac)|ox}} in the context of the {{w|Chinese zodiac}}, not the strict definition referring to adult castrated male cattle. In Simplified Chinese, it may be misinterpreted as {{zh|s=丑|t=醜|rm=Chǒu|tl=ugly.}}
|ja      = 丑雄
|ja_rm   = Ushio<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/bI2bi1h_jD0 {{ja|【原神】チュートリアル動画　荒瀧一斗「怪力乱神」（ナレーション 津田健次郎ver.）}}]</ref>
|ja_note = {{ja|雄|rm=O}}, while literally meaning "male," is a common suffix in masculine Japanese names.
|ko      = 우시
|es      = Ushi
|fr      = Ushi
|ru      = Уси
|th      = Ushi
|vi      = Ushi
|de      = Ushi
|id      = Ushi
|pt      = Ushi
|tr      = Ushi
|it      = Ushi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[de:Ushi]]
[[es:Ushi]]
[[ja:丑雄]]
[[pt-br:Ushi]]