{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Uther.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Fontaine<!-- Character's home/main nation -->
|location         = Fontaine<!-- Nation where you can find the character in the game -->
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Uther''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|When They Talk About Tonight}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Uther is a clothes manufacturer, currently incarcerated for criminal activity. He originally had a partnership with [[Chiori]], and the two were inspired to create their own sense of "fashion" different from others. However, as they were newcomers to the scene, their sense of fashion was heavily criticized  and many sponsors rejected them, causing his confidence to disappear over time, becoming increasingly embittered. Eventually, he quit as a designer a week before Fontaine's Fashion Week, believing that his sense of fashion could not be achieved. On the other hand, Chiori persisted and successfully made a name for herself. This resulted in Uther holding a grudge against her, resentful of her success.

After Chiori opened [[Chioriya Boutique]], Uther would spend his time harassing her while opening up his own shop that primarily focused on mass goods at a low price in a factory under [[Court of Fontaine: Fleuve Cendre|Fleuve Cendre]], which also offered mechanized tours to the public. He would often be questioned by the [[Maison Gardiennage]] for his actions, though he was only let off with warnings since they could not prove any evidence of wrongdoing. Knowing Chiori due to their partnership, he would attempt to sabotage her during the latest iteration of Fashion Week, commissioning a group of bandits to intercept a shipment of fabrics that was being delivered by [[Kirara]]. This failed, and when Chiori learned of the attempted hit, confronted him at his home and assaulted him. Knowing that this would happen, Uther paid someone to take a photo of the assault and proceeded to pay second-rate tabloids to publish a damning article about the boutique using the photo, claiming that her fabrics were made in an underground factory and the boutique had links to criminal activity.

The news resulted in Chiori's customers requesting refunds on their clothes and her suppliers backing off in view of these claims. However, Chiori refuses to budge; instead, she, the Traveler and Paimon infiltrate his factory and discover the papers ordering the hit on Kirara and his underground factory, which was producing clothes in highly unsanitary conditions. Uther, anticipating that she would try to break into his factory during the show, corners them with [[Clockwork Meka]] guards; when they try to leave the factory, Uther attempts to kill them out of spite. Chiori, in self-defense, uses her [[Uraku Misugiri|sword]]s to block the shot and promptly defeats him. Uther is not seen or mentioned again past this point, although it can be assumed that Chiori turned him into the authorities after her show at the Fontaine Fashion Week. [[Charlotte]] would publish an article clearing the air shortly after.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->

==Trivia==
* {{W|Uther Pendragon}} also known as King Uther, was a {{W|List of legendary kings of Britain|legendary King of the Britons}} and father of {{W|King Arthur}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Uther
|zhs      = 厄舍
|zhs_rm   = Èshè
|zht      = 厄舍
|zht_rm   = Èshè
|ja       = ユーサー
|ja_rm    = Yuusaa
|ko       = 우서
|es       = Uther
|fr       = Uther
|ru       = Утер
|th       = Uther
|vi       = Uther
|de       = Uther
|id       = Uther
|pt       = Uther
|tr       = Uther
|it       = Uther
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.5}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->