{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Passive Talents
}}
'''Utility Passives''', officially referred to as '''Exploration Talents''',<ref>YouTube: [https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PLqWr7dyJNgLKLO-Zpw9muZ9NnC0TyOpij Collected Miscellany]</ref> are a type of Passive [[Talent]]. Upon obtaining a [[Character]], their Utility Passive is automatically unlocked without requiring any Ascensions. The only exception is the [[Traveler]], who doesn't possess any. These talents usually provide some sort of utility outside of combat.

As these passives have not been officially categorized, the categories on this page are all unofficial and were determined by players based on the similarities between certain Talents.

==Bonuses on Crafting Methods==
===Cooking Bonuses===
Characters with a '''cooking bonus''' as their Utility Passive have a chance of obtaining an additional [[dish]] for free when they achieve Perfect Cooking on a specific type of dish.

The cooking bonuses of [[Jean]], [[Diona]], [[Yun Jin]], and [[Nilou]] can trigger even when they cook their respective Special Dishes, resulting in the player receiving an additional Special Dish. The cooking bonuses of [[Hu Tao]] and [[Kamisato Ayato]] also trigger when they cook their respective Special Dish, but the player will instead receive an additional Suspicious Dish.

====Adventurer's Dishes====
{{Talents by Category Table|Perfect Adventurer's Dish Cooking Talents|notype=1}}

====ATK-Boosting Dishes====
{{Talents by Category Table|Perfect ATK Dish Cooking Talents|notype=1}}

====DEF-Boosting Dishes====
{{Talents by Category Table|Perfect DEF Dish Cooking Talents|notype=1}}

====Recovery Dishes====
{{Talents by Category Table|Perfect Recovery Dish Cooking Talents|notype=1}}

====Bonus Suspicious Dish====
{{Talents by Category Table|Perfect Dish Bonus Suspicious Dish Cooking Talents|notype=1}}

===Crafting Bonuses===
{{See also|Crafting#Efficiency}}
Characters with a '''crafting bonus''' as their Utility Passive have a chance of obtaining some sort of bonus product when crafting a specific type of item at a [[Crafting Bench]]. The bonus product is either a duplicate of the item crafted, an item used in crafting that is refunded to the player, or an alternative item of the same category and quality as the latter.

====Character and Weapon Enhancement Materials====
{{Talents by Category Table|Character and Weapon Enhancement Material Talents|notype=1}}

====Character Talent Materials====
{{Talents by Category Table|Character Talent Material Talents|notype=1}}

====Potions====
{{Talents by Category Table|Potion Talents|notype=1}}

====Weapon Ascension Materials====
{{Talents by Category Table|Weapon Ascension Material Talents|notype=1}}

===Forging Bonuses===
Characters with a '''forging bonus''' as their Utility Passive will refund 15% of ores spent when [[forging]] specific types of [[weapons]].
{{Talents by Category Table|Forging Talents|notype=1}}

===Furnishing Creation Bonuses===
Characters with a '''furnishing creation bonus''' as their Utility Passive will refund 25% of the materials used when crafting three specific [[furnishing]] types.
{{Talents by Category Table|Furnishing Creation Refund Talents|notype=1}}

==Exploration Bonuses==
===Stamina Consumption Reductions===
Characters with a '''stamina consumption reduction''' as their Utility Passive will decrease the amount of stamina consumed when performing specific actions by 20% for the player's own party members. These passives only take effect when the character is in the party and alive.

====Climbing Talents====
{{Talents by Category Table|Climbing Talents|notype=1}}

====Gliding Talents====
{{Talents by Category Table|Gliding Stamina Talents|notype=1}}

====Sprinting Talents====
{{Talents by Category Table|Sprinting Talents|notype=1}}

====Swimming Talents====
{{Talents by Category Table|Swimming Talents|notype=1}}

===Movement SPD Increases===
Characters with a '''Swift Stride''' as their Utility Passive will increase the movement SPD by 10% for the player's own party members if their talent's conditions are met. These passives only take effect when the character is in the party and alive.
{{Talents by Category Table|Swift Stride Talents|notype=1}}

===Gliding SPD Increases===
{{Talents by Category Table|Gliding Speed Talents|notype=1}}

===Sprinting SPD Increases===
{{Talents by Category Table|Sprinting Speed Talents|notype=1}}

==Expedition Bonuses==
Characters with an '''expedition bonus''' as their Utility Passive will either take less time to complete an [[Expedition]] or receive additional materials from an Expedition.
{{Talents by Category Table|Expedition Talents|notype=1}}

==Mora Cost Reduction Talents==
Characters with a '''Mora cost reduction talent''' as their Utility Passive will decrease the amount of [[Mora]] the player has to spend when ascending certain [[weapon]] type(s) by 50%.
{{Talents by Category Table|Mora Cost Reduction Talents|notype=1}}

==Resource Finding Talents==
Characters with a '''resource finding talent''' as their Utility Passive will display the locations of specific types of resources on the mini-map, one location at a time, with a unique icon. These passives only take effect when the character is in the party, but the character does not need to be alive.

Talents that mark different types of materials can "stack", resulting in multiple resources being displayed on the mini-map at once. Talents that mark the same type of materials will not stack. Local Specialties are all considered the same type of material; only one Local Specialty will be marked on the mini-map at a time, even if there are multiple characters in the party who mark Local Specialties from different [[region]]s.

{{Talents by Category Table|Resource Talents|notype=1}}

==Wildlife Talents==
Characters with a '''wildlife talent''' as their Utility Passive will not [[Aggravation#Wildlife|startle]] specific types of [[Wildlife]] upon approaching them. These passives only take effect when the character is in the party and alive.
{{Talents by Category Table|Wildlife Talents|notype=1}}

==Phlogiston Talents==
Characters with a Utility Passive that restores [[Phlogiston]] on certain conditions.
{{Talents by Category Table|Utility Passives&Phlogiston Talents|notype=1}}

==Miscellaneous Talents==
The following talents are Utility Passives that do not fit in with the above categories.
{{Talents by Category Table
|Utility Passives
|not1=Cooking Talents
|not2=Crafting Talents
|not3=Stamina Talents
|not4=Expedition Talents
|not5=Forging Talents
|not6=Resource Talents
|not7=Wildlife Talents
|not8=Mora Cost Reduction Talents
|not9=Swift Stride Talents
|not10=Furnishing Creation Refund Talents
|not11=Gliding Speed Talents
|not12=Sprinting Speed Talents
|not13=Phlogiston Talents
|notype=1
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Type Navbox}}
[[Category:Utility Passives| ]]

[[de:Handliches passives Talent]]
[[ja:固有天賦3]]
[[pt-br:Talento Passivo Utilitário]]
[[th:พรสวรรค์อรรถประโยชน์]]
[[vi:Thiên Phú Sinh Tồn]]