{{Faction Infobox
|image        = Sumeru Akademiya Vahumana.png
|region       = Sumeru
|affiliation  = [[Sumeru Akademiya]]
}}
'''Vahumana''' is one of the [[Sumeru Akademiya#The Six Darshans|Six Darshans]], the six main schools of [[Sumeru Akademiya]].

It is specialized in {{w|etiology|aetiology}},<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Opening Festivities}}</ref> the study of causation or origination of phenomena, and includes disciplines such as history and social sciences.

Its school color is yellow.<ref name="Sitt">{{Ref/NPC|Sitt}}</ref> The mascot on its symbol resembles a horse.

==Overview==
Members of Vahumana undertake expeditions to ruins. [[Scroll of Streaming Song]] was discovered in some desert ruins during one such expedition and translated by Vahumana scholars, although Tafazzoli, a [[Haravatat]] Herbad, criticized parts of their translation.

A popular topic among Vahumana students is Time-Sensitive Commodities, or TSC. Their research and advice on this topic has helped fruit and vegetable sellers at the [[Grand Bazaar]] prevent waste and save Mora.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Sweetness in Exchange}}</ref> They have worked alongside [[Amurta]] scholars to design products related to food preservation and overfishing.<ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Sweetness in Storage}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Furnishing|Fisherman's Clemency}}</ref>

==Members==
{{Characters by Category List|Vahumana|2
|exclude=<!--sage's name-->
|full_header=<!--[[someone]] is the Sage of Vahumana.<br>-->There are '''%PAGES%''' <!--other -->[[character]]s who are or were part of Vahumana
}}

==Trivia==
* Vahumana scholars typically refer to [[Khaenri'ah]] by their archaic name, Dahri.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Afratu's Dilemma}}</ref>
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}
===Etymology===
*Like the other Six Darshans, the name "Vahumana" is derived from one of the six {{w|Zoroastianism|Zoroastrian}} deities who encompass the {{w|Amesha Spenta}}. {{w|Vohu Manah}}, which is Avestan for "Good Purpose" or "Good Mind," represents the concept of being in a good state of mind that allows a person to accomplish their duties.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vahumana
|zhs     = 因论派 / 伐护末那
|zhs_rm  = Yīnlùn-pài / Fáhùmònà
|zht     = 因論派 / 伐護末那
|zht_rm  = Yīnlùn-pài / Fáhùmònà
|zh_tl   = School of the Theory of Causation / Vahumana
|ja      = 因論派 / ヴァフマナ
|ja_rm   = Inron-ha<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Fragmented Testimony|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref> / Vafumana<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Opening Festivities|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = School of the Theory of Causation{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 인론<->파 / 바후마나
|ko_tl   = School of the Theory of Causation{{Sino|ko}} / Vahumana
|es      = Escuela de Etiología / Vahumana
|es_tl   = School of Etiology / Vahumana
|fr      = Vahumana
|ru      = Вахумана
|th      = ภาควิชาสมุฏฐานวิทยา / Vahumana
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Department of Etiology / Vahumana
|vi      = Vahumana
|de      = Vahumana / Ursachenlehre
|de_tl   = Vahumana / Theory of Causes
|id      = Vahumana
|pt      = Vahumana
|tr      = Vahumana
|it      = Vahumana
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[es:Facultad Vahumana]]
[[fr:Vahumana]]
[[ja:因論派]]
[[pl:Vahumana]]