{{Location Infobox
|image        = Valley of Dahri.png
|type         = Subarea
|region       = Sumeru
|subregion    = Great Red Sand
|area         = Land of Upper Setekh
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>{{If Self|Valley of Dahri|It|Valley of Dahri}} is the location of a giant Ruin Golem. There are remnants of the Akademiya's investigation and medical reports on the [[Majuj]] (hilichurls) and remnants of the abyssal swarms. Moreover, there are notes on [[Zandik]]'s research into the Khaenri'ah machines and elemental flows.</p>}}

==Points of Interest==
{{Locations by Category Table|type=Points of Interest}}

==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|heo=1}}

==Features==
===Enemies===
====Common Enemies====
{{Column|2|
* {{Enemy|Floating Anemo Fungus}}
* {{Enemy|Stretchy Geo Fungus}}
* {{Enemy|Whirling Pyro Fungus}}
* {{Enemy|Dendro Samachurl}}
* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter}}
}}
====Elite Enemies====
{{Column|2|
* {{Enemy|Ruin Guard}}
* {{Enemy|Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl}}
}}
====Local Specialty====
* {{Item|Scarab}}
<!--
==NPCs==
*

==Message Boards==
*
-->
==Other Interactable Objects==
===Akademiya Investigation Team's Report===
Located inside the cavern north of the Land of Upper Setekh [[Statue of The Seven]], on a Ruin Golem part.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Akademiya Investigation Team's Report:''' ...created Suda's Flow by exposing the local Elemental veins to directional interference. If we can produce something similar to [[Vamadha]] &mdash; that is, a vein-like seal in legend &mdash; we might be one step closer to the instrumentality of divine wisdom...
:'''Akademiya Investigation Team's Report:''' ...this machine is not loaded with the weapons system, so we decide not to separate its core for the time being...
{{Dialogue End}}
===Akademiya Investigation Team's Report===
Located northeast of the Land of Upper Setekh Statue of The Seven, near a Ruin Golem gear.
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Akademiya Investigation Team's Report:''' ...discovered many traces of the [[Hilichurls|bizarrely-shaped creatures]]. (Local desert folk seem to call them "Majuj")...
:'''Akademiya Investigation Team's Report:''' ...by order of the [[Temple of Silence]], all machines from [[Khaenri'ah]] shall be sealed in accordance with the Revelatory Monument's format...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Incomplete Medical Records===
(Most of this text's contents have been burned and the surviving contents make for difficult reading.)

...The [[Eleazar|afflicted]] show symptoms, among others, of peeling skin and proliferation of hair, and worst of all, severe facial ulceration...

...The cause of this malady is unknown, and due to the lack of necessary medical supplies, emergency bandaging has been mandated...

...The scabbed sections appear to have formed a new layer of skin...

...Many of the afflicted have begun to show signs of language impairment. It is presently unclear if this was caused by pharyngeal damage...

...The first cases are receiving centralized treatment according to orders from above. In most cases, rational capacity can no longer be clearly determined...

===Zandik's Note===
(This seems to be a page from a research journal that has been torn out and hidden here for unknown reasons.)

...It should be possible to repair this titanic machine's primary weapons systems using components salvaged from abandoned mechanisms, but to avoid attracting the attention of the other team members, I have simply made some basic measurements for now. Any further experiments must wait for another day...

...The things that the sages call Suda's Flow are nothing but products of sedimentation caused by perturbation of the elements. To think that they would use these as the core of the seal... Laughable in the extreme...

==Descriptions==
{{Description/Viewpoint|The Giant of the Wind-Eroded Valley}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=location}}

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
{{Transclude|Ruins of Dahri|Etymology}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Valley of Dahri
|zhs     = 荼诃落谷
|zhs_rm  = Túhē Luògǔ
|zht     = 荼訶落谷
|zht_rm  = Túhē Luògǔ
|ja      = ダーリの{{rubi|谷|たに}}
|ja_rm   = Daari no Tani
|ko      = 다흐리 계곡
|es      = Valle de Dahri
|fr      = Vallée de Dahri
|ru      = Долина Дахри
|th      = Valley of Dahri
|vi      = Thung Lũng Dahri
|de      = Tal von Dahri
|id      = Valley of Dahri
|pt      = Vale de Dahri
|tr      = Dahri Vadisi
|it      = Valle di Dahri
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Sumeru}}

[[es:Valle de Dahri]]
[[ja:ダーリの谷]]
[[pt-br:Vale de Dahri]]
[[uk:Долина Дагрії]]
[[zh:荼訶落谷]]