{{About|the quest series|all world quests and the achievement|Valor's Afterglow (Disambiguation)}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image         = World Quest Valor's Afterglow.png
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = The Chasm: Underground Mines
}}
'''Valor's Afterglow''' is a [[World Quest]] Series in the [[The Chasm: Underground Mines]], [[Liyue]].

Requirement: {{Quest|The Chasm Delvers|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==List of Quests==
Quests in this chapter may require the [[Daily Reset]] to pass to unlock the next quest.
# [[Valor's Afterglow (Quest)]] (Day 1)
# [[Valor's Afterglow: Return by Sundown]] (Day 2)
# [[Valor's Afterglow: The Faint Light Remembered]] (Day 3)

==Summary==
Although the incident in The Chasm has come to a close, [[Zhiqiong]] is still involved in other exploration work, so the Traveler decides to check up on her at the underground exploration camp. At the camp, Zhiqiong asks the Traveler to come along with her and set up some beacons that will collect data. They finish placing all the beacons and return to the camp. Zhiqiong thanks the Traveler and asks if they could help her out again when it comes time to retrieve the beacons. Should the player continue to talk to Zhiqiong after the quest ends, she explains some of her reasonings for her stubborn and reckless behavior and for what and how she wants to be remembered as an adventurer.

Some time later, the Traveler returns to the camp to find a distressed [[Jinwu]] who is worried about Zhiqiong, who went to retrieve the beacons but hasn't return in the five or six hours since she left. After finding Zhiqiong under attack at the beacon placement site at the [[Stony Halls]], the Traveler fends off the monsters and exerts a great deal of energy getting Zhiqiong back to the camp. Back at the camp, Khedive gives Zhiqiong some medicine and the Traveler gives Zhiqiong the soup that Jinwu made. Zhiqiong apologizes and asks the Traveler to come back in a bit.

When the Traveler returns to the camp to check on Zhiqiong, they find that Zhiqiong is once again missing. Jinwu says that Zhiqiong had insisted on leaving and ran off when the camp members weren't looking. The Traveler quickly returns to the surface to tell [[Muning]] so a search party can be organized. Muning is very surprised that Zhiqiong left and decides to immediately organize a search and rescue party.

The Traveler returns to the underground mines and, while searching, finds an abandoned camp and [[Zhiqiong's Letter|a letter from Zhiqiong]] within the cavern where the [[Chasm Nail]] resides. Among the many things said in her letter, Zhiqiong wrote she will follow a path to go deeper into the Chasm, but Paimon doesn't see any other path and wonders if they'll ever see her again. The Traveler returns to the exploration camp and shows the letter to Jinwu who remarks that even she doesn't want to be forgotten but had given up on becoming great so she feels she doesn't have any right to judge Zhiqiong.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Valor's Afterglow Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Valor's Afterglow Chapter Quests}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Valor's Afterglow
|zhs     = 勇气的余晖
|zhs_rm  = Yǒngqì de Yúhuī
|zht     = 勇氣的餘暉
|zht_rm  = Yǒngqì de Yúhuī
|zh_tl   = Valor's Afterglow
|ja      = 勇気の残照
|ja_rm   = Yuuki no Zanshou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Valor's Afterglow
|ko      = {{tt|용기|勇氣}}의 {{tt|여광|餘光}}
|ko_rm   = Yonggi-ui Yeogwang
|ko_tl   = Valor's Afterglow
|es      = El resplandor del valor
|es_tl   = The Glow of Valor
|fr      = Rémanence de courage
|fr_tl   = Courage's Remanence
|ru      = Отблески храбрости
|ru_tl   = Reflection of Valor
|th      = รัศมีอันหาญกล้า
|th_rm   = Ratmi an han kla
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hào Quang Của Dũng Khí
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Abendröte des Muts
|de_tl   = Afterglow of Valor
|id      = Senja Keberanian
|id_tl   = Dusk of Bravery
|pt      = O Brilho da Coragem
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Cesaretin Gün Batımı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ultimo bagliore del coraggio
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
[[Category:Daily Quests]]

[[ja:勇気の残照]]
[[pt-br:O Brilho da Coragem]]
[[th:รัศมีอันหาญกล้า (ความสำเร็จ)]]