{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 14034
|image         = Story Quest Vanquishing Phantoms.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Rapperia Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 4
|act           = Silent Night
|character     = Clorinde
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Clorinde; Florian; Furina; Lyney; Navia; Paimon; Traveler; Este (Marechaussee Hunter)<!-- No dialogue -->; Walter (Marechaussee Hunter)<!-- No dialogue -->; Petronilla<!-- No dialogue -->
|startLocation = [[Beryl Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Beryl Region
|subarea       = 
|poi           = 
|prev          = Buried Honor
|next          = 
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*325;Primogem*60;Mora*22,000;Guide to Justice*5;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*5
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Vanquishing Phantoms''' is the fourth and final part of {{Quest|Silent Night}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the church in the capital
# Enter the church in the capital
# Leave the church in the capital

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Now, as we face the perils of the long night..."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Game Master:''' Finally, you arrive at the {{Rubi|church|Basement}} [[Florian]] described.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Game Master:''' As you approach, an ominous aura surrounds you. You get the sense that your enemy is close at hand.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' (How strange... This uneasy feeling seems so real. How did they manage that?)
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 03.ogg}} '''Game Master:''' Now... it is time for the final battle.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Let's go.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 04.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Florian, wait.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 01.ogg}} '''Florian:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 05.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I think you should wait outside. You've already been corrupted by the Devorator once. It could easily re-enter your mind and take control of your body.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 06.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I don't think it's a good idea for you to be this close. If it corrupts you again, it's possible you might take on a new form entirely.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 02.ogg}} '''Florian:''' That's exactly why I have to go... why I should be at the very front.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 07.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...! You mean...
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 03.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Yes, I intend to lure it into my body.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 08.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' That's too risky. If things get out of hand, I might have to kill you. Do you understand how dangerous this is?
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 04.ogg}} '''Florian:''' I understand. But if I do this, you'll have a clear and visible target.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 05.ogg}} '''Florian:''' The Devorator will have a hard time passing up the chance to enter a body it knows how to control. You won't have to worry about any of your friends being taken over.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 09.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 06.ogg}} '''Florian:''' You're not like me, Miss [[Clorinde]]. You're a just and powerful [[Marechaussee Phantom|Marechaussee Hunter]]. This monster broke free due to my error. It's only right that I shoulder the responsibility for its destruction.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 07.ogg}} '''Florian:''' This is... something that I have to do.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 08.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Consider it a duel to restore my honor. My only request is that you give it your all.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 10.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...I understand.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 11.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Then, as a [[Champion Duelist]], I hereby accept your request for a duel, and extend to you my most sincere regards.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 florian 09.ogg}} '''Florian:''' ...Thank you.
:{{A|vo cllq004 1 clorinde 12.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' The battle is now upon us. Let the Devorator once again tremble under the blade of the Marechaussee Hunters.

;(Enter the house)
;(A cinematic plays)
::{{Color|menu|An ominous black mist hits your group, entering Florian's body and turning him into a golem. Everyone attacks together, but the team is unable to defeat him.}}
::{{Color|menu|At Clorinde's suggestion, you recite the names of the Marechaussee Hunters one by one, summoning them forth.}}
::{{Color|menu|The Marechaussee Hunters attack the golem once more, Clorinde swings her long blade, delivering the coup de grace.}}
:;(A dark blue cloud appears at the end of the room. A wisp of blue smoke shoots out of the cloud and implants itself into Florian, who turns into a [[Praetorian Golem]].)
::'''Furina:''' Aah! So... so lifelike...
::'''Clorinde:''' ...
:;([[Navia]] starts to attack the golem, followed by the Traveler and [[Lyney]], but the golem does not show any signs of weakness.)
::'''Paimon:''' Why is nothing working!?
::'''Clorinde:''' This foe is not invincible
::'''Clorinde:''' You hold the treasure
::'''Clorinde:''' The power to defeat it
::'''Clorinde:''' In your own two hands
::'''Furina:''' The treasure? You mean...!
::'''Navia:''' The names!
::'''Navia:''' It's the Marechaussee Hunters' names!
::'''Paimon:''' How are we supposed to...?
::'''Lyney:''' You forget, Paimon?
::'''Lyney:''' There's still one skill
::'''Lyney:''' We saved until the very end!
::'''Clorinde:''' Hunters fight not for fame
::'''Clorinde:''' But to aid the people whenever they are summoned
::'''Lyney:''' [[Walter (Marechaussee Hunter)|Walter]] the Marechaussee Hunter
:;(Lyney holds up Walter's bow, and it starts glowing.)
::'''Lyney:''' Master of a thousand tricks
::'''Lyney:''' Executioner of the Phantom Hunters
::'''Lyney:''' I call for aid!
:;(An image of Walter the Marechaussee Hunter appears in front of Lyney.)
::'''Furina:''' Este the Marechaussee Hunter
:;([[Furina]] holds up Este's sword, and it also starts glowing.)
::'''Furina:''' Inheritor of [[Cassiodor]]'s will
:;(Traveler holds up their Marechausee Hunter's weapon, which also starts glowing.)
::'''Furina:''' Judge of the Shadow Hunters
::'''Furina:''' Answer my call!
:;(Two more images of Marechaussee Hunters appear.)
::'''Navia:''' [[Petronilla]]
:;(Navia holds up Clorinde's master's short sword, which starts glowing, and Clorinde is taken aback.)
::'''Navia:''' Protector of Justice and Order...
::'''Navia:''' The Hunter I respect the most...
::'''Navia:''' Thank you for saving my friend
::'''Navia:''' The best one I'll ever know
::'''Navia:''' Please
::'''Navia:''' Lend us your strength
:;(Navia nods to Clorinde, who steps forward, her body glowing with blue light.)
::'''Clorinde:''' We have come
::'''Clorinde:''' To answer your summons
:;(The three Marechaussee Hunters attack the golem, and Clorinde delivers the final blow.)
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Game Master:''' And so, the monsters were eradicated, and the sorcerer was defeated.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Game Master:''' Peace soon returned to the capital. Those in the court manipulated by the sorcerer also recognized the errors of their ways...
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 03.ogg}} '''Game Master:''' Some remembered the names of the heroes who saved their kingdom, but others simply continued their lives none the wiser.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 04.ogg}} '''Game Master:''' Such is the story of the Marechaussee Hunters. They pursue the phantoms in the darkness and exterminate all who pose a threat...
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 05.ogg}} '''Game Master:''' They will always protect the city and those within it, even should all memory of their accomplishments be forgotten by the very people they serve.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 01.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Whew... I'm assuming we've finally reached the end of the script?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 06.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Yes. You've reached one of the better endings.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 02.ogg}} '''Furina:''' It's a pretty solid story overall. I thought it was just an ordinary adventure at first, but the further we got into it, the more impressed I became with the production and the plot.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 03.ogg}} '''Furina:''' That final battle especially! All the effects were super realistic.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Right, yeah, hehe... totally.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ah... That's a really good point. I never expected the weapons we picked up from that vault would have that kind of effect.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 04.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Yeah, mine nearly scared the daylights out of me when it started glowing! I took a good look at it after we got out, but I don't think it ever lit up again.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 05.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Oh, we should probably give these props back, right? I'll just leave mine here.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 07.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Did you have a good time?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 06.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Of course. Let me know if another script like this comes around!
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 08.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Sure, no problem.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 07.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Then, I'll head back for now. I think I need some time to fully digest everything that just happened.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 08.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Once Mr. Florian is awake, please pass on my regards to him. He must be extremely exhausted, to have passed out cold like that.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 09.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' You're right. He's had a lot to deal with.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 furina 09.ogg}} '''Furina:''' Well, see you all some other time! Toodle-oo!
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' ...Okay, so, can I ask now?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I think it should be fine, yeah.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' What in the world was going on back there?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 10.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...Ah, so you saw through all of that?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Ahahaha... That time in the cave when you told us to close our eyes... It'd be weirder if we didn't notice anything.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' I was dying of curiosity the entire time! I mean, you did a pretty bang-up job of pretending nothing had gone wrong. Furina actually looked like she thought all of it was planned...
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Guess none of us wanted to be the one to break the illusion.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What are you all talking about?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, what's going on?
::{{A|vo cllq004 2 navia 05a 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wait, don't tell me you never...! Ah, this is all my fault. It's not too late to cover your ears! Here, partner, I'll do it for you!
:{{DIcon}} I was just playing along too...
::{{A|vo cllq004 2 navia 05b 1.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Wait, don't tell me Paimon never...! Ah, this is all my fault. It's not too late to cover your ears! Here, Paimon, I'll do it for you!
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Um... Bit late for that, don't you think?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... You're saying... Everything that happened back there wasn't actually part of the script?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 11.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' It's probably more accurate to say this was never a real scripted story to begin with.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whaaat!?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 01.ogg}} '''Florian:''' ...So loud... My head...
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, you! Get up right now and explain yourself!
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 02.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Ahhhhh! No shaking, please! My head...!
:{{Black Screen|Florian explains the truth to everyone...}}
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' D&mdash;Did Paimon just hear that right? You guys made up that whole last part on the spot?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not nice to lie to people, but.... Paimon's gotta admit, that was a really good story, Florian. Oh, and nice improvisation, Clorinde!
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 lyney 06.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Yeah! It was like watching a magician improvise a spectacular magic trick after forgetting an important prop.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If Paimon knew something was wrong with that vault, she would've floated straight in the opposite direction!
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 12.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Everything was under control.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 navia 06.ogg}} '''Navia:''' As if you've ever described a situation as being "out of control." I'm pretty sure any situation you consider to be easy to handle would scare a reasonable person half to death!
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 13.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Guess I'm just used to it.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... You must run into a lot of unexpected situations, then... That explains why you're so good at coming up with things on the spot...
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 14.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' As for you, Florian...
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 03.ogg}} '''Florian:''' ...I know there's no excuse for what I did. I'll turn myself in to the [[Garde]]s at once, confess my crimes, and accept any punishment that comes my way.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 15.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I would say you've already suffered more than enough.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 04.ogg}} '''Florian:''' ...What?
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 16.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' You may have been blinded by fame and fortune in the beginning, but your actions during the final battle had proven you to be a true Marechaussee Hunter.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 05.ogg}} '''Florian:''' ...
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 17.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' You'll be far more use to the city above ground than below. Your job as a Hunter is more important.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 06.ogg}} '''Florian:''' But...
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 18.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Of course, you'll still need to take the keys and pay a personal visit to the two Hunters you wronged. Prepare to accept any terms they give you as well.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 07.ogg}} '''Florian:''' ...Yes, of course.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 clorinde 19.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' As far as I'm concerned, though... Your showing in the duel was enough to prove your honor.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 08.ogg}} '''Florian:''' ...! Then, I'll do exactly as you said. I... I'll go return those two keys right now.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 09.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Thank you so much, everyone. I'll do my best to prove myself worthy of the second chance you've given me. I swear this on my name and honor as a Marechaussee Hunter.
:{{A|vo cllq004 2 florian 10.ogg}} '''Florian:''' Until we meet again, everyone.
:{{Black Screen|You exit the basement shortly after Florian...}}
<!-- black screen transition -->
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 lyney 01.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Speaking of Marechaussee Hunters... What should we do about the "treasure" in that cave?
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 01.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Leave it be.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you sure? We could show it to people, make it so that the Hunters are remembered... Don't you want that?
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 02.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' No. Every name on that tablet made the same choice. All Hunters know what the path entails.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 03.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I am no exception... My identity as a Marechaussee Hunter is not something I need people to remember. I wish only to be recognized as a Champion Duelist, nothing more.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 lyney 02.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' That's certainly very different from the path of a magician. Still, I admire your decision.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, Paimon just remembered something. If there were no special effects involved, why did our weapons begin to glow during the battle?
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 04.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' That's because the Marechaussee Hunters of ages past would often imbue their weapons with special enchantments to suppress the monsters. Whenever a monster was nearby, their weapons would start to glow.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 navia 01.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Ooh! So that's why they had an effect on that guy near the end. I really thought the summons were doing all the work.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 05.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Well, I'm sure the summons were a part of it, too.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 lyney 03.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Oh? How so?
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 06.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' This particular Devorator probably hailed from the same era as the Hunters we saw in the room.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 07.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' The names you recited all belonged to the bravest Hunters. Countless monsters fell to their blades. That's likely why the Devorator visibly reacted when you said them out loud.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the names held the power all along...
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 08.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 09.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Navia, everything you said during your "summon"...
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 navia 02.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Huh? Ah&mdash;hahaha! I um, I meant what I said. I mean, it was true to my character! So, yeah, I'm glad you heard it, just don't make me repeat myself. It's embarrassing!
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 10.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' I really appreciated those words.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 navia 03.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Alright, alright. Don't get all sentimental on me.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 navia 04.ogg}} '''Navia:''' Uhh... Anyway, let's not talk about that anymore! I'm going to go on ahead. Don't fall too far behind, now!
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah... She ran off.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 lyney 04.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' I should probably head back as well. This story was truly incredible. I might have to spend the whole night telling my siblings all about it!
:{{DIcon}} See you later.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 lyney 05.ogg}} '''Lyney:''' Mhm, Goodbye!
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 11.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' ...
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 12.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' {{Traveler}}... Should your name and deeds be forgotten, what do you think the significance of your journey will be?
:'''{{Traveler}}:''' (...)
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 hero 01.ogg}} {{A|vo cllq004 3 heroine 01.ogg}} '''{{Traveler}}:''' I suppose the significance would be the journey itself and the world we helped create. There's still value in the time I shared with everyone here, in the things we were able to accomplish, even if no one remembers them.
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 13.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' A great answer. I'll remember it.
:{{DIcon}} What would your answer be, Clorinde?
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 14.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' Me? Hah...
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 15.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' "The Marechaussee Hunter says nothing in response to that question."
:{{A|vo cllq004 3 clorinde 16.ogg}} '''Clorinde:''' "Perhaps her answer lies in her silence, an unspoken vow left to echo through the night. The path she walks needs no explanation."
;(Obtain {{Item|"Marechaussee Hunter: Judgment Day" Character Album}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* After completing this quest, players can return to the [[Secret Vault|memorial site]] of the Marechaussee Hunters and interact with the pile of bows to "Tidy Up." A short cutscene will play, showing Traveler and Paimon paying their respects with wreaths composed of [[Lumidouce Bell]]s and [[Rainbow Rose]]s, a combination that represents "parting and passion."<ref>{{Ref/Item|"Delightful Encounter"}}</ref>

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Vanquishing Phantoms
|zhs      = 逐猎魔影
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 逐獵魔影
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 不穏な影を狩れ
|ja_rm    = Fuon-na Kage wo Kare
|ja_tl    = Hunting Restless Shadows
|ko       = 그림자 사냥
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Caza en las sombras
|es_tl    = Hunt in the Shadows
|fr       = Chasse aux fantômes
|fr_tl    = Ghost Hunt
|ru       = Истребление призраков
|ru_tl    = Extermination of Phantoms
|th       = ล่าเงามืด
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Truy Quét Bóng Ma
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Die Jäger im Einsatz
|de_tl    = The Hunters in Action
|id       = Pemburu Hantu
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Perseguição das Sombras
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gölge Avı
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = A caccia di fantasmi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}