{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Varesa
|id             = 368197
|image          = Varesa Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = <!-- Check First -->
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Varesa''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I'm so happy!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Weight training...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo varesa mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' *humming*... Oh hey!
:{{A|vo varesa mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Beautiful weather, fresh air, a stellar view... And to top it off, some fantastic company! I couldn't ask for a better day!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Oh, well, that's an easy one... 
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I love camping in all sorts of places &mdash; I'm not picky. Whenever I'm on the road delivering fruit, I'll park the cart and pitch a tent just about anywhere. It's comfortable enough for me!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I guess the only time I feel uncomfortable is during the team stage of the [[Pilgrimage of the Return of the Sacred Flame|Pilgrimage]]. The looks from the other contestants are just too intense...
::{{DIcon}} Wow, so you're really adaptable!
::{{DIcon}} You can find happiness anywhere!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I guess, but this place is different!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I feel so... at ease. It's hard to find this feeling anywhere else.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' It's like... everything was arranged just for me &mdash; from the amenities, the landscaping, down to the tiniest details! I feel so at home! It's amazing!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I mean, sometimes, I have to be on guard even in my own place. Like when my mom rearranges furniture, and I go to sit in my usual chair without thinking, just to land on the ground instead...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Thankfully, I've got some extra padding on me, so it didn't hurt, hehe.
::{{DIcon}} Well, you'd be right, because I did arrange this place just for you!
:::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 09a 1.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' R&mdash;Really? Oh, wow. I... I...
:::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 09a 2.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I can't believe a great hero did all this just for me! That's an honor even famous people never experience. It's like a real life power-up!
::{{DIcon}} Guess we have a similar style, then!
:::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 09b 1.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' R&mdash;Really? Oh, wow. I... I...
:::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 09b 2.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I can't believe I have the same taste as {{Traveler}}. You've been to so many nations, and you're friends with so many heroes!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Okay, I'm pumped! Gotta train even harder now!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' C'mon, gimme a fist bump, hero!

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Sure! Let's chat the day away. I have nothing else to do...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Oh, but chit-chat is always better with a few snacks {{sic|a|expected=and}} drinks... A full course meal works too, hehe!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Here's an idea... Let's start a bonfire. We can set up a pot and make something while we talk!
::{{DIcon}} Do you like cooking, Varesa?
::{{DIcon}} You must be quite the chef!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Oh, it's just a hobby! Honestly, I'm not very good, hehe... It takes me a while to get the hang of new recipes.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Like, when I first tried making [[Puff Pops]]. I kind of... blew up the kitchen. The pan flew so far, it hit Master [[Iansan]] in the head...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' ...*sigh* That pan has never been the same since.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Now, I'm not allowed to cook in the house. So, I'm stuck with whatever I can make outside with a campfire.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' It usually doesn't turn out great, but making something myself always brings a certain sense of accomplishment, and that's something you can't get from a restaurant.
::{{DIcon}} I agree! There's something special about homemade dishes.
::{{DIcon}} I've had my fair share of kitchen mishaps, too.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Next time, let's make something together! You can bring the veggies and condiments, and I'll be in charge of fruit and protein! We'll come up with something amazing!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' And then, we can name it after ourselves! Something like... "{{Traveler}} and Varesa's Glorious Grilled Meat Fortress"!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Although, that name gives us a lot to live up to... We'd need to add a lot of intense flavor and roast the meat on super high heat...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Which also means... We should find somewhere with less... safety hazards, considering my history with cooking accidents.
::{{DIcon}} It's a deal!
:::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 13a.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' {{Tx}}
::{{DIcon}} It's alright. Bring on the explosions!
:::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship2 13b.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Hehe, cool! Bring it on!

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Actually, there's something I've been thinking about for a long time... And, now that it's just the two of us, I...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I... think I'm gonna come right out and say it...
::{{DIcon}} ...Y⎯Yes?
::{{DIcon}} You're being super serious all of a sudden...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Can we... spar? Like, I want you to go all-out, hold nothing back!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' You're a hero, a legend, and the strongest person I know... I really look up to you! You give me something to aspire to!
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' So, I want to see... Just how much separates the two of us at our full strength!
::{{DIcon}} Hold on...
::{{DIcon}} You want me to go all out?
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I guess it's a little confusing... I mean, you could probably go toe-to-toe with an [[Archon]], but I'm still scared of hurting you. My fighting style is a bit, um, all over the place...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I just mean, um... *sigh* What am I even trying to say...
::{{DIcon}} Even if it's just a spar, I don't think I can go all out against you.
::{{DIcon}} Because, like you, I don't like fighting my friends.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Oh, no... I get it. I should have thought about it that way...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' I can get behind that answer. Somehow, it makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside...
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Wait... Why don't we test our strength a different way? Like... through some exercise?
::{{DIcon}} That's a much better idea.
::{{DIcon}} I'm lucky adventuring helps keep me in shape.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Alright, then we'll warm up with a ninety-thousand-step sprint and then swim half that distance. Once that's done, I'll bring out the weights. Fifty should do it... Each one is around the weight of an adult tatankasaur.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Ooh, I'm getting excited! I can't wait to see you bench! I bet you look so cool!

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Varesa.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Morning! You know, somehow, you make me feel ready to take on the day! For once, I don't feel like going back to sleep!

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Varesa.
::{{A|vo varesa mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Night! With your kind wishes, I'm sure I'll sleep like a baby tonight!

{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Sleep Now, Rest Your Weary Head===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt varesa silenceandrest 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' A soft bed, fluffy pillows, cool, smooth blankets and sheets... It's enough to make you never want to leave again...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt varesa silenceandrest 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Wait, no, I can't fall asleep just yet... First, I need to eat my favorite dessert until I'm just over half-full, then get my hands and feet all toasty and warm by the furnace, and finish off with half a glass of water...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt varesa silenceandrest 03.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' If I do all of that, I'm sure my dreams will be as sweet as the fruit from [[Varesa's Orchard|my orchard]], hehe...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Gallant March of the Collective of Plenty===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt varesa collectiveofplenty 01.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Whoa! This feels so familiar... It's exactly like the Collective of Plenty! Even the training equipment is identical!
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt varesa collectiveofplenty 02.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' It's fun to travel and see new things, but eventually endless novelty can get tiring in its own way. 
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt varesa collectiveofplenty 03.ogg}} '''Varesa:''' Now that I've found this second home, and you're here with me, I feel like all my worries have vanished.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Varesa/Sérénithéière]]
[[ru:Вареса/Компаньон]]