{{Character Infobox
|type          = Mentioned
|affiliation   = Knights of Favonius
|region        = Mondstadt
|title         = Knight of Boreas
|title2        = Grand Master of the Knights of Favonius<ref name="Jean CS3">{{Ref/CS|Jean|3}}</ref>
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/zh-hans/éƒç¥¥æµ· Hao Xianghai ({{zh|éƒç¥¥æµ·}})]<ref>Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV183Lnz8E88 {{zh|ã€ŠåŸç¥ã€‹5.6ç‰ˆæœ¬PVï¼šã€Œæ‚–ç†ã€}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Tomokazu Sugita|Sugita Tomokazu ({{ja|æ‰ç”°æ™ºå’Œ}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://x.com/genshin_7/status/1915747993585868914?s=46 {{ja| Ver.5.6å…¬å¼PVã€ŒèƒŒç†ã€}}]</ref>
|voiceKR          = [https://namu.wiki/w/ë°•ìƒí›ˆ(1982) Park Sang-hoon ({{ko|ë°•ìƒí›ˆ}})]<ref>YouTube: [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Qj7qJgqW0JA ì›ì‹  | 5.6 ë²„ì „ PV ã€Œë°°ë¦¬ì˜ ìˆœê°„ã€]</ref>
}}
'''Varka''' is the current Grand Master and Knight of Boreas<ref>{{Ref/VO|Barbara|About Varka}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/VO|Tartaglia|About Varka}}</ref> of the [[Knights of Favonius]]. Half a year ago,<ref name="Jean CS3"/><ref group="Note">As there are no requirements besides [[Friendship Level]] to unlock the story, it is assumed that it is "narrated" at the start of the Traveler's journey with Paimon. This is in contrast to certain character stories that require quest completion and are thus "narrated" no earlier than certain key points in the Traveler's journey.</ref> he departed on an expedition with eighty percent of the Knights of Favonius' manpower,<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Long Distance Love}}</ref> leaving [[Jean]] as the Acting Grand Master in his absence.

==Profile==
Based on other people's remarks about him, Varka is one of the strongest people in Mondstadt. [[Tartaglia]] calls him the "titan of the Knights of Favonius" and hopes to one day face him in combat, [[Barbara]] says that there's nothing to worry about as long as he is leading the expedition and [[Eula]] suspects that he had been intentionally holding back during a sparring session. [[Razor]] states that he likes to laugh.<ref name="Sounds">{{Ref/Quest|Sounds From Afar (Quest)}}</ref>

At some point before the Traveler's arrival in Mondstadt, Varka brought [[Rosaria]] to Mondstadt so she could redeem herself, although he did not appear to have expected her to do so in her own way. He also accepted [[Eula]] into the Knights of Favonius and met [[Razor]] in the forests of [[Wolvendom]]. Varka appeared to know Razor's parents, and kept a box in his office that held some of his parents' mementos.

At another point in time, Varka would confirm with [[Alice]] that he went to [[Natlan]] to meet with [[Pyro Archon]] [[Mavuika]] but somehow ended up having a drinking contest with her at the [[Stadium of the Sacred Flame]]. As well as being unable to remember that he lost to Mavuika, he had gotten so drunk that neither could he remember why he wanted to see her in the first place.<ref>HoYoLab: [https://www.hoyolab.com/article/35172374 The Brightest, Most Splendid, Most Resplendent Flame Reborn]</ref>

Over a year after departing from Mondstadt, Varka learned of the Fatui plots in Mondstadt and deemed them outrageous. Prior to [[Weinlesefest]], Varka sent [[Mika]] back to Mondstadt City to inform Jean and the rest of the Knights of the expedition force's status at the northernmost reaches of Teyvat. In the letter, he explained how they met [[Il Capitano]] and that the Harbinger had been sent to [[Natlan]]. As the expedition had missed the previous year's Weinlesefest, Varka expressed regret that they would not be there for that year's celebration either. Making use of the paper he had left, he also left a note for [[Lisa]], having deemed it time for Razor to learn about his human parents. To that end, he described where the memento box was stored in his office.<ref name="Sounds" />

Varka is currently headed to [[Nod-Krai]] to investigate after discovering new information during his expedition.<ref>{{Ref/Mail|Mail/Mother... (2025-03-14)}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Little is known about Varka's appearance, but [[Razor]]'s character stories and voice-overs suggest he is extremely tall.

==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions
|S-Razor-Character Story 3 = Razor's Character Story 4 and voice-overs about Varka make it clear that the "tall man" is Varka.
|S-Razor-Character Story 4 = Razor's voice-overs about Varka make it clear that the man is Varka.
}}

==Trivia==
* Varka gave Razor his name and taught him how to fight with claymores, suggesting he uses them himself.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Razor|About Varka: Memory}}</ref>
* Varka wrote A Letter With Rough Handwriting in the {{Quest|All's Well That Ends Well (Quest)}}. Diluc's reply is found as the [[Hidden Strife/Story#Letters in Jean's Office|Letter Addressed to Grand Master Varka in Jean's office]] during the event.
* Varka sent a letter to the Knights of Favonius with [[Mika]] when the latter returned to Mondstadt during the expedition. Mika read this letter in the {{Quest|Sounds From Afar (Quest)}}.
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}

===Etymology===
* Varka's name is likely based on the Old Persian {{lang|mini=1|peo=ğºğ¼ğ£|peo_rm=varka}}, meaning "wolf."

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Varka
|zhs     = æ³•å°”ä¼½
|zhs_rm  = FÇ'Ä›rjiÄ
|zht     = æ³•çˆ¾ä¼½
|zht_rm  = FÇ'Ä›rjiÄ
|ja      = ãƒ•ã‚¡ãƒ«ã‚«
|ja_rm   = Faruka
|ko      = ë°”ë¥´ì¹´
|es      = Varka
|fr      = Varka
|ru      = Ğ’Ğ°Ñ€ĞºĞ°
|th      = Varka
|vi      = Varka
|de      = Varka
|id      = Varka
|pt      = Varka
|tr      = Varka
|it      = Varka
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[de:Varka]]
[[es:Varka]]
[[fr:Varka]]
[[ja:ãƒ•ã‚¡ãƒ«ã‚«]]
[[pl:Varka]]
[[pt-br:Varka]]
[[ru:Ğ’Ğ°Ñ€ĞºĞ°]]
[[th:Varka]]
[[tr:Varka]]
[[zh:æ³•çˆ¾ä¼½]]