{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Mondstadt
|deceased         = Past
|affiliation      = Sal Vindagnyr
|child            = Princess of Sal Vindagnyr
}}
'''Varuch'''<ref name="DGS">{{Ref/HEO|Dragonspine's Glacial Secret}}</ref> was likely the last king-priest of [[Sal Vindagnyr]], as well as the father of the [[Princess of Sal Vindagnyr]].

The [[Priest's Box]], one of the three items found during the [[Hidden Exploration Objective]] [[Dragonspine's Last Trio]], is narrated from his perspective.

==Profile==
Varuch was the last priest of Sal Vindagnyr, a once-thriving nation which existed thousands of years ago on the mountain now known as [[Dragonspine]].<ref name="DGS" /> Among the four historical figures mentioned in Sal Vindagnyr lore &mdash; Varuch, the unnamed princess, [[Ukko]], and [[Imunlaukr]] &mdash; Varuch has the least amount of information, leaving much about him unknown.

==Story==
Little is known about Varuch's life before the descent of the [[Skyfrost Nail]]. His daughter, the princess, was born under the [[Frostbearing Tree]] &mdash; an ancient silver-white tree with a connection to [[Irminsul]] &mdash; and the entire nation rejoiced when she received her blessing.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Frostbearer}}</ref>

Like many other civilizations of that era, Sal Vindagnyr faced ruination when the Heavenly Principles cast down the [[Celestial Nail]]s on [[Teyvat]] to suppress the power of the [[Abyss]], as the Celestial Nails had a catastrophic effect on the environment. Vindagnyr was covered by perpetual snowstorms and the [[Frostbearing Tree]], an ancient silver-white tree with a connection to [[Irminsul]], was shattered when a fragment of the broken [[Skyfrost Nail]] came to rest over it.

In the face of this unprecedented disaster, the people of Sal Vindagnyr desperately sought hope for their survival. Varuch had his daughter paint frescoes depicting Vindagnyr, believing that as long as she could paint thawing snow and ice, they would be safe. Unbeknownst to him, the princess was unable to paint the fresco he hoped for, as she had forgotten what green grass and clear skies looked like<ref>{{Ref/Item|Princess' Box}}</ref> &mdash; an omen that Sal Vindagnyr would never recover. While the princess stayed in the grand hall to paint the frescoes, Varuch trekked towards the summit of the mountain in search for answers, having failed to receive answers in his previous attempts.<ref name="DGS" /><ref>{{Ref/Item|Priest's Box}}</ref> Traces of Varuch vanish after that and he presumably died during the attempt, or otherwise never returned.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Varuch
|zhs     = 法鲁希
|zhs_rm  = Fǎlǔxī
|zht     = 法魯希
|zht_rm  = Fǎlǔxī
|ja      = ファルシ
|ja_rm   = Farushi
|ko      = 바루크
|es      = Varuch
|fr      = Varuch
|ru      = Фаррух
|th      = Varuch
|vi      = Varuch
|de      = Varuch
|id      = Varuch
|pt      = Varuch
|tr      = Varuch
|it      = Varuch
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Cofre del sacerdote#Curiosidades]]
[[pt-br:Varuch]]
[[uk:Варрух]]