{{Stub|more images, etymology}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Fane of Ashvattha.png
|caption      = The Ashvattha Tree, the oldest Vasara Tree
|type         = Lore
|region       = Sumeru
|subregion    = Dharma Forest
}}
'''Vasara Trees''' are trees, usually created by the [[Aranara]], that contain dreams and memories. The speed of a Vasara Tree's growth is reliant on the memories contained within the seed used to plant it.<ref name="Fruits">{{Ref/Quest|For Fruits, Seeds, and Trees}}</ref>

During ''[[The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path]]'', ''[[The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout]]'', and ''[[The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail]]'', the [[Traveler]] accompanies the Aranara to cleanse the dreams of the Vasara Trees by defeating the Fungi inside and removing traces of [[Marana]]. As thanks for making the tree healthy again, each Vasara Tree bears a [[Vasoma Fruit]], which is the accumulation of the dreams and memories of the Vasara Tree.<ref name="Gloomy">{{Ref/Quest|The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path}}</ref> The three Vasoma Fruits are offered to the first Vasara Tree, the [[Fane of Ashvattha|Ashvattha Tree]]. However, the Ashvattha Tree has been corroded by Marana, and [[Arama]] takes its place, growing into the new Ashvattha Tree.<ref name="Fruits" />

==Lore==
When the Aranara were first created, [[Viaghara]], the ruler of the jungle, blessed them under the first Vasara Tree. Viaghara's "pact with the divine" prevented the Aranara from being harmed by the birds and beasts of the forest.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Laurel Coronet}}</ref>

Vasara Trees are the natural culmination of an Aranara's life; essentially, Aranara are "seeds" that will one day grow into Vasara Trees. For many Aranara, it is an honor to become one, especially if doing so will protect others.<ref name="Festival Utsava">{{Ref/Quest|Festival Utsava}}</ref> After an Aranara becomes a Vasara Tree, they retain some level of consciousness; a Vasara Tree can still dream and act autonomously. Accordingly, other Aranara will still treat the tree as the Aranara it used to be (e.g., the Vasoma Fruit is not a gift from "Araji's Vasara Tree," but Araji himself).<ref name="Fruits" />

Aranara can choose when to become a Vasara Tree. For example, [[Arana]], despite being an ancient Aranara, "refuses" to turn into a Vasara Tree because she still wants to "play with humans."<ref name="Araja">{{Ref/NPC|Araja}}</ref>

The Aranara [[Araji]], [[Aramaha]], and [[Arayama]] turned into the three Vasara Trees encountered during ''[[Aranyaka]]''.<ref name="Fruits" /> These three Aranara sealed each of the [[Ashvattha's Concourse]]s after [[Old Vanarana]] was sealed and the Marana came into existence, turning the concourses and the Vasara Trees within them into sacred places.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Encounter in the Woods}}</ref> [[Aramuhukunda]] also turned into a Vasara Tree in Old Vanarana to suppress [[Marana's Avatar]], but this tree was withered away.<ref name="Fruits" />
<!--
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Vasara Tree
|zhs     = 莎兰树
|zhs_rm  = Shālán-shù
|zht     = 莎蘭樹
|zht_rm  = Shālán-shù
|ja      = ヴァサラの樹
|ja_rm   = Vasara no Ki
|ko      = 바사라 나무
|es      = Árbol vasara
|fr      = Arbre vasara
|ru      = Васара
|th      = ต้น Vasara
|th_rm   = Ton Vasara
|vi      = Cây Vasara
|de      = Vasara
|id      = Pohon Vasara
|pt      = Árvore Vasara
|tr      = Vasara Ağacı
|it      = Alberi di Vasara
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[ja:ヴァサラの樹]]