{{Cleanup}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type   = Lore
|region = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Enkanomiya
|affiliation2     = Orobashi
}}
The '''Vassals of Watatsumi''' were members of a reptile-like species originating from [[Enkanomiya]].

==Overview==
According to ancient documents stored in [[Watatsumi Island]] and legends orally passed down through the people living on Watatsumi Island, the Vassals of Watatsumi were [[Orobashi]]'s familiars.<ref name="The Eve">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: The Eve}}</ref><ref name="Aftermath">{{Ref/Quest|Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath}}</ref> They were created with Orobashi's power, and when Orobashi perished, the Vassals of Watatsumi ceased being born.<ref name="Aftermath" /> In ancient times the Vassals of Watatsumi had half-human and half-reptile forms. [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] mentions that overtime the forms of the Vassals of Watatsumi gradually became more identical to humans - to the degree that the only trait distinguishing the Vassals of Watatsumi from normal humans were their snake-like pupils.

Various legends and books describe the powers of the Vassals of Watatsumi. It was said that the Vassals of Watatsumi defended the people of Enkanomiya from the threat of [[Bathysmal Vishaps]].<ref name="The Eve" /> They were capable of communicating with humans and also vishaps. Furthermore, the Vassals of Watatsumi were said to have a deep connection to the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]], to the degree that they could will the Dainichi Mikoshi into fulfilling their desires. Theoretically, a Vassal of Watatsumi could even will the Dainichi Mikoshi into destroying itself.<ref name="Aftermath" />

The events of [[Aphotic Diffusal]] strongly suggest that [[Tsumi]] is the very last Vassal of Watatsumi. She is mentioned to possess the tell-tale trait of the Vassals of Watatsumi<ref name="The Eve" /> - their snake-like pupils - and in [[Three Realms Gateway Offering: Aftermath]] she speaks of how she could theoretically destroy the Dainichi Mikoshi.<ref name="Aftermath" /> Furthermore, Kokomi mentions how in the past, the last known Vassal of Watatsumi and their guardian shrine maiden vanished after being attacked by the Bathysmal Vishaps. At the time, the Vassal was an infant girl. This Vassal also carried a piece of a special pendant, which had been split between the Vassals of Watatsumi, the Dainichi Mikoshi, and the Sangonomiya Clan. Tsumi states that she was raised by the Bathysmal Vishaps from a young age, and she also possesses a piece of this special pendant.

However, the above narrative has been challenged by [[Enjou]] and other texts. According to Enjou, ancient Enkanomiya legends have described the idea of vishap-people.<ref name="Aftermath" /> According to these legends, after suffering defeat at the hands of human, the highly intelligent and fast-evolving Bathysmal Vishaps began to evolve in order to survive. To this end, the Bathysmal Vishaps imitated the victors of their evolutionary battle - humans. This evolution supposedly gave way to a new line of humanoid vishaps, the [[Reptilian]]s. Enjou states that Reptilians are indistinguishable from humans, save for having vertical, snake-like pupils. Supposedly the Reptilians then gradually infiltrated Enkanomiyan society, taking over many high-ranking positions. Given these legends, Enjou believes that Tsumi may in actuality be one of these Reptilians. Furthermore, in ancient times, the people of Enkanomiya used to research Bathysmal Vishaps. Records remaining from this period of research imply that research was suddenly ceased after researchers discovered budding evidence suggesting the existence of vishap people.<ref>{{Ref/Book|The Byakuyakoku Collection|4}}</ref>

Enjou's claim that vishap-people and/or Reptilians exist has been rebuked by Kokomi. According to Kokomi, the existence of Vishap-people and/or Reptilians is pure fiction. No records of their existence are present in the classified records of Sangonomiya.<ref name="Aftermath" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vassals of Watatsumi
|zhs     = 海祇御使
|zhs_rm  = Hǎiqí Yùshǐ
|zht     = 海祇御使
|zht_rm  = Hǎiqí Yùshǐ
|zh_tl   = Ambassadors of Watatsumi
|ja      = 海祇の御使い
|ja_rm   = Watatsumi no Mitsukai
|ja_tl   = Ambassadors of Watatsumi
|ko      = 와타츠미 어사
|ko_rm   = Watacheumi Eosa
|ko_tl   = Vassals of Watatsumi
|es      = Vasallos de Watatsumi
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Vassaux de Watatsumi
|fr_tl   = Vassals of Watatsumi
|ru      = Вассалы Ватацуми
|ru_tl   = Vassals of Watatsumi
|th      = Vassals of Watatsumi
|vi      = {{tt|Ngự Sử|御使}} Watatsumi
|vi_tl   = Ambassadors of Watatsumi
|de      = Boten von Watatsumi
|de_tl   = Heralds of Watatsumi
|id      = Vassals of Watatsumi
|pt      = Vassalos de Watatsumi
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->