{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Vaughn.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Dissolved by [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]] in ''[[Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights]]''
|region           = Fontaine<!-- Character's home/main nation -->
|location         = Fontaine<!-- Nation where you can find the character in the game -->
|affiliation      = Garde
|title            = Member of the Gardes

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Vaughn''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|Lies Cast Shadows Under Gathered Lights}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Vaughn is a member of the [[Garde]]s, though secretly an accomplice of [[Marcel (Fontaine)|Marcel]].

After [[Lyney]] was accused of killing [[Cowell]] and kidnapping [[Liliane|Halsey]], Vaughn was certain that Lyney would be convicted as he had no evidence to defend himself with. During the trial, the [[Traveler]] tried to defend Lyney from the charges placed on him by [[Furina]], using Cowell's belongings to refute Furina's version of the crime. This resulted in new evidence appearing in the form of water from the [[Primordial Sea]] being known to the court, causing Furina to doubt her own claims. To protect his superior's identity, Vaughn then claimed that the Gardes had found the same water in Lyney's belongings, which resulted in the Traveler having nothing to defend Lyney with.

However, upon hearing of the water, [[Navia]], [[Silver]] and [[Melus]] realized that something was wrong and managed to find the true culprit behind Cowell's murder, Liliane, who had been hiding in the opera for the past two days during the investigation. The Traveler explained to the court about Liliane's version of the events, allowing the [[Oratrice Mecanique d'Analyse Cardinale]] to deem Lyney and [[Lynette]] not guilty. [[Neuvillette]] then realized that Vaughn was actually Cowell's associate and had deceived both him and Furina, ordering him to confess to what he knew about the mysterious organization and seek the protection of the Gardes. Vaughn took Neuvillette's advice and began to confess to the scheme, but before he could reveal his boss' name, he was dissolved into water.

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* Unlike other Primordial Sea victims, it is unclear how Vaughn was dissolved by the water, as the only known contact he had with it was planting it in Lyney's bag as evidence against him, with no indication that he had ingested any of it himself. It's also unlikely that he drank the water because he already was aware of its dissolving effect and would later attempt to seek protection from the [[Garde]]s out of fear for his life, suggesting that he had no intention of killing himself to protect the secret of his superiors.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Vaughn
|zhs     = 沃恩
|zhs_rm  = Wò'ēn
|zht     = 沃恩
|zht_rm  = Wò'ēn
|ja      = ボーン
|ja_rm   = Boon
|ko      = 본
|es      = Vaughn
|fr      = Vaughn
|ru      = Вонн
|th      = Vaughn
|vi      = Vaughn
|de      = Vaughn
|id      = Vaughn
|pt      = Vaughn
|tr      = Vaughn
|it      = Vaughn
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->