{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Vautrin.png
|deceased         = Died roughly 400 years ago
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Maison Gardiennage
|affiliation2     = Mutual Aid Network
|title            = Special Security and Surveillance Captain
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Illaria
|siblingNote      = younger sister
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = [https://brentmukai.com/ Brent Mukai]<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/i7wgl1v1_5M&lc=UgxYOOISYzEwlLFI_Jl4AaABAg EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = [https://mzh.moegirl.org.cn/zh-hans/林景 Lin Jing ({{zh|林景}})]<ref>Weibo: [https://weibo.com/2965342842/4955419435075572 CN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|ja:陣谷遥|Haruka Jinya ({{ja|陣谷 遥}})}}<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/haruka_2310/status/1707286588190048566 JP VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20231007224818/https://twitter.com/haruka_2310/status/1707286588190048566 Archived])</ref>
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Vautrin''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|The Remains of the Past Day}}.

==Profile==
Vautrin was the Captain of the [[Special Security and Surveillance Patrol]] at the time the [[Melusine]]s first joined Fontainian society. Vautrin worked together with [[Carole]], a member of the newly-formed [[Marechaussee Phantom]], in order to foster goodwill and cooperation. Alongside common distrust of Melusines, many people also did not trust [[Neuvillette]] due to his mysterious circumstances, and a group of hardliners opposed to him decided to frame Carole for a crime she did not commit to teach Neuvillette a lesson for upstaging the old regime.

The hardliners of the old regime, such as [[Thibert]] and [[Suavegothe]], successfully lured Carole to the crime scene and accused her of murder, inciting a crowd of people into ordering her detention. The [[Garde]]s were unsuccessful at keeping the mob at bay, resulting in a clash between both sides. To prove her innocence, Carole sacrificed herself by committing suicide. Vautrin, who saw Carole similarly to his sister [[Illaria]] who also died young, was enraged by her self-sacrifice and sought revenge on the hardliners, killing them to exact his own form of justice.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Ever-Surging Memories}}</ref>

During his trial, Neuvillette declared Vautrin guilty for abusing his authority and conducting extralegal executions, at which Vautrin expressed outrage. But in truth, Vautrin's anger was feigned; he hoped that by demonstrating Neuvillette's impartiality and fairness, he would be able to solidify his &mdash; and by extension, the Melusines' &mdash; place in Fontainian society. After being sent to [[Fortress of Meropide]], Vautrin established the [[Mutual Aid Society]], which used a design similar to Vautrin's Medal of Peace as their badge for the next 400 years.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|In a New Light}}</ref>

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events|In a New Light=cutscene}}

==Trivia==
* {{W|Vautrin}} is a recurring character in French novelist {{w|Honoré de Balzac}}'s novel series ''{{w|La Comédie Humaine}}''.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en       = Vautrin
|zhs      = 沃特林
|zhs_rm   = Wòtèlín
|zht      = 沃特林
|zht_rm   = Wòtèlín
|ja       = ヴォートラン
|ja_rm    = Vootoran
|ko       = 보트린
|ko_rm    = 
|es       = Vautrin
|fr       = Vautrin
|ru       = Вотрин
|th       = Vautrin
|vi       = Vautrin
|de       = Vautrin
|id       = Vautrin
|pt       = Vautrin
|tr       = Vautrin
|it       = Vautrin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}