{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = The Sinner.png
|region           = Khaenri'ah
|affiliation      = Abyss Order
|title            = The Visionary

|title2           = "Sinner"
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = Dainsleif
|siblingNote      = younger brother
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = [https://zh.moegirl.org.cn/俞安琪 Yu Anqi {{zh|(俞安琪)}}]<ref name="Windblume's Breath desc">Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1ZM4y1f7FH/ {{zh| 《原神》3.5版本PV：「风花的呼吸」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceJP          = {{w|Kenyu_Horiuchi|Kenyu Horiuchi {{ja|(堀内贤雄)}}}}<ref name="Windblume's Breath desc">Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1ZM4y1f7FH/ {{zh| 《原神》3.5版本PV：「风花的呼吸」}}] (Video Description)</ref>
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Vedrfolnir''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that first appears during the {{Quest|A Lamenter at Fate's End}} as '''Voice Inside the Head'''.

During the events of {{Quest|Memories That Should Not Exist}}, [[Dainsleif]] reveals that the "Sinner" [[Traveler]] encountered in [[Traveler's Sibling|their sibling]]'s memories is his older brother Vedrfolnir, one of the [[Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah]].

==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here. -->
[[Skirk]] learned about Vedrfolnir from [[Surtalogi|her master]] and assumed that Vedrfolnir is potentially famous enough for other people to have heard of him.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}}</ref> Like the other people she mentioned, Vedrfolnir shares the same desire for perfection as her master.

Vedrfolnir was unparalled in his field and Dainsleif believed that if he and the other Five Sinners worked together, they could have stopped the Vinster King from rocking the foundation of the world. However, they eventually succumbed to temptation of the Abyss and shared a power that could destroy Teyvat. Despite this new power, he did not rush to protect his nation when it was attacked by the gods, causing Dainsleif to sever ties with him.
The [[Traveler]] suspects that the stone tablets they found regarding the [[Prophecy of Fontaine]] were likely placed by him.

===Appearance===
At some point, Vedrfolnir had a consciousness in the form of an irregular rhombic crystal with six chains holding it up. The crystal glows a bright purple due to the Abyssal energy inside it. It is orbited by smaller fragments of crystal and has darker, cracked spots on its surface. The crystal is attached to the ceiling by several chains.

Little is known about his former human appearance asides from the fact that he was blinded in both eyes at some point.<ref name=":0" />

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events|Vedrfolnir|A Lamenter at Fate's End=as Voice Inside the Head}}
==Story==
===History===
Prior to the [[cataclysm]], Vedrfolnir was one of six individuals of great esteem in Khaenri'ah who carried the hopes of their nation and were seen as the best of their peers within their respective fields of work. However, he and four others were unable to resist the call of the Abyss and were said to have divided up amongst themselves [[Forbidden Knowledge|a power that could destroy the world]]. They would be seen as [[Five Sinners of Khaenri'ah|Sinners]] and would each become transcendent beings in possession of "world-shattering power".

At some point Vedrfolnir would be imprisoned and blinded in both eyes for "giving oracle" which in response Dainsleif would mount a rescue attempt with several other brilliant young heroes of the age, apparently saving the nation indirectly in the process although the results of the rescue attempt itself are still unknown.<ref name=":0">{{Ref/Item|Wings of Fate's Course Intertwined}}</ref>

Neither Vedrfolnir nor the other Sinners did anything to try and prevent the cataclysm from happening, and once the tragedy occurred, not one of them tried to defend Khaenri'ah. Because of this, his younger brother Dainsleif resents them, claiming that he will never forgive them.
===After the Cataclysm===
Sometime after the cataclysm, [[Traveler's Sibling]] and [[Chlothar]] explored the [[Unknown Sanctuary]], where they found Vedrfolnir in the form of a levitating crystal wrapped in chains. He had a mysterious power which compelled nearby sentient organisms, including Chlothar and some [[hilichurls]] but excluding the [[Traveler]] (reliving their sibling's experience) and possibly their sibling, to worship him. He was protected by an [[Abyss Herald: Frost Fall]], who did not allow humans to come near him.

As Chlothar prostrated himself before Vedrfolnir, both he and the Traveler (within their sibling's memory) independently heard Vedrfolnir's voice inside their head, calling them "dear creature" and questioning them as to why they were bowing, as he was a "Sinner" and not a god. However, he stated that he "[knows their] fate well" and urged them to become a "transcendent one," stating he would "shed a tear at the end of time... as I gaze back upon your life." He imbued Chlothar with the power of the Abyss, which alleviated his worsening conditions as he immediately felt better than before entering the sanctuary. Later, Chlothar was finally able to restore [[Caribert (NPC)|Caribert]]'s sentience and speech.<ref name="Lamenter">{{Ref/Quest|A Lamenter at Fate's End}}</ref> Astounded at the miracle Vedrfolnir had performed, Chlothar disavowed [[The Seven]] and began worshipping him instead. When the Sibling and Chlothar returned to the Sanctuary later, the chained object, its hilichurl worshippers, and Vedrfolnir's voice were absent, but Chlothar was sure that everything was real and not illusion nor dream since he could still feel its "awesome and wondrous power flowing through his mind and body". Given that Chlothar later went on to establish the [[Abyss Order]],<ref name="Port">{{Ref/Quest|Portended Fate}}</ref> it is likely that the Order worships the Vedrfolnir as a key part of its creed.

At some point before his death, Chlothar used Abyssal power to create the [[Defiled Statue]].<ref name="Port" /> During the encounter with Vedrfolnir, the Traveler likens the crystal to the Defiled Statue and the worshipping hilichurls to the deceased [[Grand Thief]], which they had discovered during the {{Quest|Involuntary Sacrifice}}.<ref name="Lamenter" />

After Traveler informs Dainsleif about their sibling's memories and the crystal, he has his suspicions as to who this individual is, but decides to investigate the matter before giving the Traveler his conclusion. He also tells them that if the "Sinner" is who he thinks it is, then "that person" had seen the Traveler through the memory, although the events of those memories had happened centuries in the past.<ref name="Port" />

After further investigation, Dainsleif confirms with the Traveler that Vedrfolnir is the "Sinner" they encountered.

==Trivia==
*The {{w|authorial intent}} may have been to suggest that Vedrfolnir provided Fontaine's prophecy.
**The concept of "visionaries" as people with extraordinary divining powers in ''Genshin Impact'' was never mentioned before Mona's dialogue in the {{Quest|Hunters, Prophets}}. Skirk names Vedrfolnir with the title "The Visionary" two quests later, in the {{Quest|The Opera of Noirceur and Blancheur}}.
**According to [[Mona]] during ''Hunters, Prophets'', Fontaine's prophecy is of too great a magnitude for ordinary astrologists to read, and someone who is strong enough to read such a prophecy can be called a "visionary." Additionally, Fontaine's prophecy in particular is so powerful that the one who provided the prophecy must be a powerful visionary. Mona asserts, however, that [[Barbeloth|her master]] would be able to do it, and that other members of the [[Hexenzirkel]] may be able to as well. Mona's information about visionaries and the potential individual who provided the prophecy is not further elaborated upon by the end of {{Quest|Masquerade of the Guilty}}.
**The only names and titles Skirk mentioned were those of Surtalogi, Vedrfolnir, and Gold. Paimon tries to ask for more information on the only completely unknown figure, the "'Visionary' person,"<ref group="Note">Skirk had already introduced Surtalogi as her master, and Paimon recognized "Gold" Rhinedottir.</ref> but is interrupted by the news of Fontaine's prophecy apparently coming to completion at that very moment. No further information about Vedrfolnir was provided by the end of ''Masquerade of the Guilty''.
**In {{Quest|Memories That Should Not Exist}}, Dainsleif reveals to the Traveler that Vedrfolnir is his brother and the "Sinner" whose voice the Traveler heard. The Traveler then reflects that the stone slates outlining Fontaine's prophecy were "likely Vedrfolnir's doing as well", but does not elaborate on their reasoning for this assumption.<ref>{{Quest|Bedtime Story}}</ref>
===Etymology=== 
*In Norse mythology, {{w|Veðrfölnir}} is a hawk sitting between the eyes of an unnamed eagle perched atop the world tree Yggdrasil.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|1_en     = Vedrfolnir
|1_zhs    = 维瑟弗尼尔
|1_zhs_rm = Wéisèfúní'ěr
|1_zht    = 維瑟弗尼爾
|1_zht_rm = Wéisèfúní'ěr
|1_ja     = ヴェズルフェルニル
|1_ja_rm  = Vezuruferuniru
|1_ko     = 베드르폴니르
|1_es     = Vedrfolnir
|1_fr     = Vedrfolnir
|1_ru     = Ведрфёльнир
|1_th     = Vedrfolnir
|1_vi     = Vedrfolnir
|1_de     = Vedrfolnir
|1_id     = Vedrfolnir
|1_pt     = Vedrfolnir
|1_tr     = Vedrfolnir
|1_it     = Vedrfolnir

|2_en     = The Visionary
|2_zhs    = 预言家
|2_zhs_rm = Yùyán-jiā
|2_zht    = 預言家
|2_zht_rm = Yùyán-jiā
|2_ja     = 予言者
|2_ja_rm  = Yogen-sha
|2_ko     = 예언가
|2_es     = El Profeta
|2_fr     = Le visionnaire
|2_ru     = Провидец
|2_th     = {{Rubi|The Visionary|นักพยากรณ์}}
|2_th_rm  = 
|2_vi     = Tiên Tri
|2_de     = Seher
|2_id     = The Visionary
|2_pt     = O Visionário
|2_tr     = Kahin
|2_it     = Il Visionario

|3_en     = "Sinner"
|3_zhs    = 「罪人」
|3_zhs_rm = "Zuìrén"
|3_zht    = 「罪人」
|3_zht_rm = "Zuìrén"
|3_zh_tl  = "Sinner"
|3_ja     = 「罪人」
|3_ja_rm  = "Tsumibito"<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Lamenter at Fate's End|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|3_ja_tl  = "Sinner"
|3_ko     = 「죄인」
|3_ko_tl  = "Sinner"
|3_es     = Pecador<!--common noun-->
|3_es_tl  = Sinner
|3_fr     = Transgresseur<!--common noun-->
|3_fr_tl  = Transgressor
|3_ru     = «Грешник»
|3_ru_tl  = "Sinner"
|3_th     = "คนบาป"
|3_th_rm  = 
|3_th_tl  = 
|3_vi     = "Tội Nhân"
|3_vi_tl  = "Sinner"
|3_de     = „Sünder“
|3_de_tl  = "Sinner"
|3_id     = "Pendosa"<!--sometimes not capitalized-->
|3_id_tl  = "Sinner"
|3_pt     = Pecador<!--sometimes not capitalized-->
|3_pt_tl  = 
|3_tr     = "Günahkar"
|3_tr_tl  = "Sinner"
|3_it     = "Peccatore"
|3_it_tl  = "Sinner"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Vedrfolnir]]
[[vi:Vedrfolnir]]