{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00374
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Venti's Plan.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 5
|description   = Stopped at last, [[Venti]] explained that he had tried and failed to cleanse [[Dvalin]]'s curse during their previous meeting. Now, he has been forced to rely on the [[Holy Lyre der Himmel]]'s power if he is to restore Dvalin.
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Let the Wind Lead (Quest)
|next          = Venti's New Plan
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 5,975
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|3,125}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Gotelinde;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=5}}
==Steps==
# Talk to [[Venti]]
# Go to the Cathedral with Venti
# Go to Venti
# See how Venti borrows the Holy Lyre
# Talk to Venti
# Talk to the [[Gotelinde|sister]]

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Venti)
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So this... "[[Holy Lyre der Himmel]]" is...
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' One of the most treasured items in Mondstadt. It's the lyre that [[Barbatos]] used to play.
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' With it, perhaps I can help [[Dvalin]] draw his gentle nature back out of this nightmare he's going through.
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Will it really stop Stormterror from causing more damage?
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Of course. I'm the best bard in the world.
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' There's not a single song I do not know, no matter if it's from the past, present, or future.
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Look me in the eyes. Do you not find me trustworthy?
:{{DIcon}} ...just what is that in your eyes!?
:{{DIcon}} Look into my eyes. What are you hiding?
:{{DIcon}} The color of your eyes is like the sky in my hometown.
::{{A|vo mdaq044 1 venti 06c.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha, that one doesn't work on a bard.
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So how can we get the Holy Lyre?
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's said that it's enshrined deep within the Cathedral, somewhere safe.
:{{A|vo mdaq044 1 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'll go take a look around. You can come if you want.

----

;(See how Venti borrows the Holy Lyre)
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Let me handle this...
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hello there, Sister.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 01.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' May the [[Barbatos|Anemo God]] bless you, young bard. How can I help you?
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Actually, I know a secret that can save Mondstadt from its current predicament.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 02.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' Oh, what a blessing from the God of Anemo!
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 03.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' But you should report that to the [[Knights of Favonius]]. Why have you come to me?
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha, because you, dear sister, are able to help!
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I'd like to borrow... the Holy Lyre. With it, I'll be able to help Stormterror–
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 04.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' Please see yourselves out.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' What?
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 05.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' It's a vicious dragon indeed, but once the [[Jean|Acting Grand Master]] makes up her mind, nothing can stand in the Knights' way.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' That's simply not acceptable. Wouldn't Stormterror end up getting killed that way?
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 06.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' That foolish beast betrayed the winds. Not even the God of Anemo themselves would forgive it!
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wow...
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Please, I beg of you!
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 07.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' I'm afraid not, little bard.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 08.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' (Strange... Somehow I feel so bad rejecting this sweet child...)
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Then... I guess I'm left with no other choice.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I cannot hide anymore!
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' My disciples, rejoice! Behold, the {{Color|buzzword|God of Anemo, Barbatos}} has descended!
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Shocked, aren't you? Don't you just want to cry out and rejoice? How does it feel to finally meet the god you've been serving?
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 nun 09.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' If there's nothing else, I'll be going back to handle the Cathedral's paperwork now.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 2 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wait–

----

;(Talk to Venti)
:{{A|vo mdaq045 3 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Eh? She didn't even bat an eyelid.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 3 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But, I have at least learned what I wanted to know.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 3 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' She didn't deny that the Cathedral is enshrining the Holy Lyre.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 3 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Now, (Traveler), since you're the hotshot of the Knights of Favonius...
:{{A|vo mdaq045 3 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Maybe you can give it a shot.

----

;(Talk to Gotelinde)
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 01.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' Barbatos bless you.
:{{DIcon}} Hello.
::{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 02a.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' Ah, it's you! The newcomer of the Knights of Favonius, aren't you?
:{{DIcon}} I am the Honorary Knight of Favonius, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 02b.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' I know you. You and [[Amber]] saved Mondstadt that day.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 03.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' So what brings you here? Tasks from the Acting Grand Master?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, actually. The Knights of Favonius would like to borrow the Holy Lyre...
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 04.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' Is that so?
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 05.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' Not that I don't trust you. It's just that a suspicious bard came looking to borrow the Holy Lyre as well.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 06.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' He's full of nonsense and even called himself Barbatos. He must be up to something.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 07.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' There are regulations in place for the use of the Holy Lyre. Currently, it's only used in Ludi Harpastum.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 08.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' Signed documents from the [[Varka|Grand Master]], [[Seamus Pegg|Seneschal]], and Community Representative are all required.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 09.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' So, may I see the document from the Knights of Favonius?
:{{DIcon}} The Grand Master didn't mention it...
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry, I forgot to bring it here.
:{{DIcon}} Paimon ate it on our way here.
::{{A|vo mdaq045 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey!
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 10.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' A signed document is required. Without it, there's not much I can do.
:{{A|vo mdaq045 4 nun 11.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' Now, if you'll excuse me. I really am quite busy as of late.

;(Talk to Gotelinde again)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq045 nun 01.ogg}} '''Gotelinde:''' The Church has been a mess recently, and the Seneschal is not here... *sighs*
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Venti's Plan
|zhs     = 温迪的计划
|zhs_rm  = Wēndí de jìhuà
|zht     = 溫迪的計畫
|zht_rm  = Wēndí de jìhuà
|zh_tl   = Venti's Plan
|ja      = ウェンティの計画
|ja_rm   = Wenti no Keikaku
|ja_tl   = Venti's Plan
|ko      = 벤티의 계획
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El plan de Venti
|es_tl   = Venti's Plan
|fr      = Le plan de Venti
|fr_tl   = Venti's Plan
|ru      = План Венти
|ru_tl   = Venti's Plan
|th      = แผนการของ Venti
|th_rm   = Phaenkan khong Venti
|th_tl   = Venti's Plan
|vi      = {{tt|Kế Hoạch|计划}} Của Venti
|vi_tl   = Venti's Plan
|de      = Ventis Plan
|id      = Rencana Venti
|id_tl   = Venti's Plan
|pt      = Plano de Venti
|pt_tl   = Venti's Plan
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[pt-br:Plano de Venti]]