{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00375
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Venti's New Plan.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 6
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|prev          = Venti's Plan
|next          = Wild Escape
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*250;Mora*5,450;Character EXP*2,850;Fine Enhancement Ore*5
|characters    = Otto;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=6}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Venti]]
# Enter the Cathedral at night (18:00 – 06:00)
#* Enter the basement during the night by interacting with the staircase at the end of the Cathedral
# Infiltrate the basement and obtain the [[Holy Lyre der Himmel]]
#* This will involve a [[Stealth]] mission where the objective is to avoid being spotted by the NPCs.
#* To get through undetected, stay to the left side at all times. You can hide yourself between bookshelves and the center wall. To pass the first guard, you can stand at the pillar on the right until the guard passes then run for the wooden ladder.
#* The following Chests can be found in the basement: 2 [[Common Chest]]s, 2 [[Exquisite Chest]]s, 2 [[Precious Chest]]s.

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{Quest Description|Venti's plan to sweet talk his way into getting the Holy Lyre back backfires. He's come up with a new plan, but seems he'll need your help for it to work.}}
;(Talk to Venti)
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It didn't work... I knew it.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You "knew it"?
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I just wanted to know how influential {{Traveler}} &mdash; the hotshot of the Knights of the Favonius &mdash; is.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You see, the best warrior should always be presented with the best sword, and yet here we are...
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Does the story not make for a fitting ballad?
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So what are you trying to say? That we're not good enough?
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' No, that's not it. More of a commentary regarding Mondstadt's inability to see the warrior standing right before its very eyes.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Very well. Looks like borrowing it is not going to be possible. We're simply going to have to steal it.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Today we stand for free will! Any suggestions on just how we steal it?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Come now, speak up. That's what free will is for.
:{{DIcon}} I don't want to steal anything!
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha, look at you. Sidetracked from the start.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But seriously, you're more suitable for the job than I.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Aside from singing, I don't really have any other talents.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Besides, if I was caught, I'd have no one to right the grave injustice of my arrest.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How can it be a "grave injustice" if you got caught stealing red-handed?
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But things are different for {{Traveler}}. You are the superstar of the Knights of Favonius. You have made contributions to Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Should you get caught, you would easily be able to talk your way out of it.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The guards here, it seems they're off duty throughout the night.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If we manage to seize this opportunity, it should be smooth sailing from here.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Stop mentioning us getting caught!
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' {{Traveler}}... What do you say?
:{{DIcon}} I'm sorry&mdash; Wait... Did you just say... you're Barbatos?
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah, yes. Seems I did mention that...
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 19.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Your point being?
:{{DIcon}} If you really are a god, then we can't simply abandon you.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 20.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Why does your decision hinge upon whether or not I am a god?
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon'll fill you in on {{Traveler}}'s background story when we get the time...
:{{DIcon}} And if you're not a god, then I'll help Dvalin anyway.
:{{A|vo mdaq046 1 venti 21.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Huh?
:{{DIcon}} I will bring you the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
:{{DIcon}} I don't want to see another separation.

;(Talk to Venti again)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq046 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Don't be shy. Go.

;(Attempt to enter the basement of Cathedral during daytime)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq047 otto 01.ogg}} '''[[Otto]]:''' Man, this stinks. Having to stand around here all {{Color|buzzword|day}} long, having to guard this entrance. Hey! Don't move! You can't go down there!
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq047 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems we're gonna have to wait until {{Color|buzzword|nightfall}} to sneak in...

----

;(Upon reaching the Holy Lyre, a [[Fatui Electro Cicin Mage]] steals it right before the Traveler can take it)
:{{A|vo mdaq048 3 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh?
:{{A|vo mdaq048 3 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who're you!?
:;(The Traveler attempts to capture the Cicin Mage, only for her to vanish)
:{{A|vo mdaq048 3 cs paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She... disappeared!?
:{{A|vo mdaq048 3 cs guard1 01.ogg}} '''Knight of Favonius:''' Freeze!
:{{A|vo mdaq048 3 cs guard1 02.ogg}} '''Knight of Favonius:''' What are you doing here!?
:{{A|vo mdaq048 3 cs paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh no! Run!
:;(Outside the Cathedral, Paimon and the Traveler run over to Venti)
:{{A|vo mdaq048 4 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh nooooo...
:{{A|vo mdaq048 4 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're busted! Run!
:{{A|vo mdaq048 4 cs venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' What!? Follow me!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Venti's New Plan}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/FbtNGxgHg5s
|caption1 = Basement Domain Guide (6 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Venti's New Plan
|zhs     = 温迪的新计划
|zhs_rm  = Wēndí de Xīn Jìhuà
|zht     = 溫迪的新計畫
|zht_rm  = Wēndí de Xīn Jìhuà
|zh_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|ja      = ウェンティの新しい計画
|ja_rm   = Wenti no Atarashii Keikaku
|ja_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|ko      = 벤티의 새로운 계획
|ko_rm   = Benti-ui Saeroun Gyehoek
|ko_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|es      = El nuevo plan de Venti
|es_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|fr      = Le nouveau plan de Venti
|fr_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|ru      = Новый план Венти
|ru_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|th      = แผนการ (ใหม่) ของ Venti
|th_rm   = Phaen-kan (Mai) khong Venti
|th_tl   = Venti's (New) Plan
|vi      = Kế Hoạch Mới Của Venti
|vi_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|de      = Ventis neuer Plan
|de_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|id      = Rencana Baru Venti
|id_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|pt      = Novo Plano de Venti
|pt_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|tr      = Venti'nin Yeni Planı
|tr_tl   = Venti's New Plan
|it      = Il nuovo piano di Venti
|it_tl   = Venti's New Plan
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}

[[es:El nuevo plan de Venti]]
[[fr:Le nouveau plan de Venti]]
[[ja:ウェンティの新しい計画]]
[[pt-br:Novo Plano de Venti]]
[[ru:Новый план Венти]]
[[vi:Kế Hoạch Mới Của Venti]]