{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Venti
|id             = 368111
|image          = Character Venti Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Venti''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Keep me company...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Just dropping by...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A nice cold glass of...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'll play a tune...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Write a new song...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} ...I've been waiting.
: {{DIcon|Idle}} At long last...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo venti mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You've come at long last, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo venti mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' While I was waiting for you, I nearly finished penning quite a few poems.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' It's great, of course.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I know that every detail here is the result of your hard work. I hold immense gratitude for all you've done.
::{{DIcon}} If you like it, I'm happy.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship1 03a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Yes, I love it!
::{{DIcon}} Is there anything you want?
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship1 03b.ogg}} '''Venti:''' This place already has everything I want!
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, I'm flattered that you asked for my thoughts.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' But you should be more confident in your own tastes!
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Here, you're the real-deal protagonist!
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Try things with confidence and turn your ideas into reality. And if you ever run into trouble, I'll lend a helping hand!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Okay! Ahem... My dearest companion, is there something you wish to tell me?
::{{DIcon}} Actually, I've been pretty tired lately...
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hee-hee... My warrior, you've worked so hard.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I understand how you feel.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...When you just can't find any more energy, and the world falls into a haze &mdash; even apples lose their sweet flavor.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02a 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If you can get some quality shut-eye at this time, you'll feel a lot better when you wake up.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02a 5.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Here, I'll lend you my shoulder.
:::{{DIcon}} Your serious face... is a rare sight.
::{{DIcon}} I feel a bit lost...
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm...
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Many people may feel lost at times. After all, it's impossible for everything to happen according to your own wishes.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Venti:''' At a time like this, ask yourself what the most important thing is!
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02b 4.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Even if life's all in a jumble, you can sort it out as long as there's a whisper of the wind.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 02b 5.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...Don't be afraid, I'm here.
:::{{DIcon}} Your serious face... is a rare sight.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Eh-hehe...
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' At any rate, don't worry.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Whenever you need me, I'll always be by your side.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hmm... *gasp* Let's hold a feast!
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Call up your good friends and I'll contribute a bottle of the finest wine from my collection!
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' As for the location...
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Let's just have it here! We can find a clear space and decorate it with benches, a porch, and beautiful fresh flowers!
::{{DIcon}} So... what's the theme of our celebration?
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 05a 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Uh, we need a theme? Then hold on, lemme think of one.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 05a 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Uh... "Cheers!" Eh... "Pop!" No... I got it! "Wishes for Happiness"? How's that?
::{{DIcon}} Will you put on a show for us?
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 05b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Sure! I'll sing along to a suite I haven't played in a long time.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 05b 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Any songs you wanna hear? I can practice a bit beforehand. Of course, this won't take up much time.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, yeah! Can I trouble you to prepare one of your specialty dishes?
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Anything's fine &mdash; I like to eat any dish you make!
::{{DIcon}} Heh, sounds like it'll be quite a merry time.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 08a.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, yeah~ It'll definitely be lively.
:::{{DIcon}} I'll also help out.
::{{DIcon}} Hmm... I feel like it'll be chaotic.
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 08b 1.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hee-hee, making cheer from chaos is a staple of feasts!
:::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 08b 2.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Don't worry, I'll properly organize it.
:::{{DIcon}} I'll also help out.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Alright, then let us officially start the preparations!
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' What a joyous day... It calls for a drink to celebrate.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Venti.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Morning, (Traveler), hehe.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Going anywhere to play today? There are a lot of places I wanna visit &mdash; need a recommendation?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Venti.
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Aw, I don't want to sleep yet, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo venti mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Wanna keep me company a bit longer? Or... I'll keep you company?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Bird and Blossom Park===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md venti park 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Ah... the park is one of the most pleasant places in the city.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md venti park 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Most people taking a break there are relaxed and in pretty good spirits, so they're always willing to listen to a song or two.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md venti park 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Eh-he~ let's work together to make this park even more beautiful!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dawn Orchard===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md venti vineyard 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Whoa! This orchard smells wonderful! The apples must be super big and juicy!
:{{A|vo mimitomo md venti vineyard 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' And these bunches of grapes weighing down the dense vines... *sigh* They'll become delicious wine one day...
:{{A|vo mimitomo md venti vineyard 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Why don't we... sample some of these future wines? Hehe, it can't hurt to enjoy them a little. Come on, open wide~
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Venti/Compagnia]]
[[ja:ウェンティ/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Венти/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Venti/Konaklama]]