{{Book Infobox
|image       = Book Verses of Equilibrium.png
|type        = Quest Items
|quality     = 0
|region_lore = Liyue
|region_location = Liyue
|description = Legend has that it contains ancient incantations used to pay respects to Rex Lapis and the yaksha adepti. It also serves as a historical record of the ancient belief in the Geo Archon.
|source1     = [[Wanwen Bookhouse]]
}}
'''Verses of Equilibrium''' is a [[Quest Item]] that can be found at [[Wanwen Bookhouse]].

==Text==
Of all the elements in the land, Geo alone stands fast,<br>
Built on a bedrock of proud tradition, which doth make it last.<br>
For just is the law of [[Rex Lapis]], and ineffable His wisdom &mdash;<br>
The cornerstones of justice, which prevails throughout His kingdom.<br>
Slayer of foul demons, no evil would He leave unquenched.

He sought celestial order, to stay the tide of turbulence.<br>
[[Adepti]] rallied round Him, [[yaksha]] guardians charged ahead,<br>
Frightened by the courageous people the demons fled.<br>
The Lord then fashioned mighty rocks, which into the earth He cast:<br>
The [[Osial|sea monster]] subdued, peace returned at last!

Though demons lay defeated, their souls did plot revenge.<br>
Down into the watery abyss the demonic souls did descend.<br>
Hatred fueled their rage. Rage, in turn, did blunt their mind,<br>
Their folly sullied the seas, whence the demons multiplied:<br>
A demonic infestation thus engendered by the fallen souls.

Five yaksha guardians His Majesty task'd with evil to defeat,<br>
To rid the world of poisonous rage with which the demons seethed.<br>
Mountains shook as yaksha wrath with golden splendor burned,<br>
But though they purged the evil, alas! One alone returned:<br>
[[Alatus]], by whose talons foes were quashed and peace procured.

A peace that harked to days gone by was the peace that now endured.<br>
Peace restored, adepti back to [[Jueyun Karst]] ascended.<br>
Duty fulfilled, yakshas off to unknown corners departed.<br>
May this lowly offering departed souls appease.<br>
And may these words by fire's light His Majesty's heart please.

==Trivia==
* The Chinese version of this book is written in {{w|Classical Chinese poetry forms|Classical Chinese poetry form}}, using fixed eight-character lines and five stanzas, with five lines per stanza. The English version kept the five lines, five stanzas form, using an AABB rhyme scheme (one line in each stanza does not follow any rhyme scheme).
** The book's Chinese title is {{zh|s=玑衡经|t=璣衡經|rm=Jīhéng Jīng|tl={{w|Armillary sphere|Armillary Sphere}} Scriptures.}} The English title may be inspired by the Classical Chinese poetry collection ''{{w|Chu Ci}}'', also translated as ''Verses of Chu''.
** Notably, the English localization consistently translates {{zh|s=玑衡|t=璣衡|rm=Jīhéng|tl=armillary sphere}} as "equilibrium" &mdash; [[Ningguang]]'s Constellation, Opus Aequilibrium, is {{zh|s=玑衡仪座|t=璣衡儀座|rm=Jīhéngyí-zuò|tl=Armillary Sphere Constellation}} in Chinese.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Verses of Equilibrium
|zhs     = 玑衡经
|zhs_rm  = Jīhéng Jīng
|zht     = 璣衡經
|zht_rm  = Jīhéng Jīng
|zh_tl   = [[#Trivia|Armillary Sphere Scriptures]]
|ja      = 璣衡経
|ja_rm   = Kikoukei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = [[#Trivia|Armillary Sphere Scriptures]]{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = 기형경
|ko_tl   = Writing of Armillary Sphere
|es      = Versos de Equilibrium
|es_tl   = Verses of Equilibrium
|fr      = Versets d'Equilibrium
|fr_tl   = Verses of Equilibrium
|ru      = Песни равновесия
|ru_tl   = Songs of Equilibrium
|th      = บทแห่งความสมดุล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Verses of Equilibrium
|vi      = Hoành Nghi Kinh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Schrift vom Gleichgewicht
|de_tl   = Scripture of Equilibrium
|id      = Kitab Keseimbangan
|id_tl   = Verses of Equilibrium
|pt      = Versos de Equilíbrio
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Denge Dizeleri
|tr_tl   = Verses of Equilibrium
|it      = Versi di Equilibrium
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Book Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Versos de Equilibrium]]
[[fr:Versets d'Equilibrium]]
[[pt-br:Versos de Equilíbrio]]
[[ru:Песни равновесия]]
[[vi:Hoành Nghi Kinh]]