{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72699
|image         = Event Quest Versus Yasuhiko Tarou.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Yasuhiko Tarou
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = Versus Ookubo Sanzaemon
|next          = Versus Mishima Michitoshi
|otherRewards  = 
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
}}
'''''Versus Yasuhiko Tarou''''' is an Event Quest that unlocks the second challenge of [[Clash of Lone Blades]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Yasuhiko Tarou]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Claiming that he was "born for combat," and with his head full of strange thoughts, Yasuhiko Tarou seeks a duel with you at last.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Yasuhiko Tarou)
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' I greatly look forward to this duel. I wonder what the extent of your skills is.
:{{DIcon}} Uh, what are you doing here...
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Actually, when I said previously that 4 warriors had joined, I was including myself in that list.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' I'm the organizer, yes, but there were just too few participants...
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' And anyway, I was born for combat! Since there is a mighty foe before me, I must have my duel!
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' ...Hehe, I've been waiting to say that for a long time now!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon's not sure this person is right in the head.
:{{DIcon}} Best not to underestimate him all the same.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Exactly! Your desire to show no partiality to your foes fills me with respect for you!
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Previously, if I had not looked down on our fourth contestant, I would not have suffered such a terrible defeat.
:'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' But the man I am today is not the man I was yesterday! Come on then, {{Traveler}}, let us duel!
:{{DIcon}} Let us cross swords.
::'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' Bring it on.
:{{DIcon}} Give me a second to prepare.
::'''Yasuhiko Tarou:''' I understand. Take your time to prepare.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Versus Yasuhiko Tarou
|zhs     = 与安彦太郎之战
|zhs_rm  = Yǔ Ānyàn Tàiláng zhī Zhàn
|zht     = 與安彥太郎之戰
|zht_rm  = Yǔ Ānyàn Tàiláng zhī Zhàn
|zh_tl   = Battle With Yasuhiko Tarou
|ja      = 安彦太郎との一戦
|ja_rm   = Yasuhiko Tarou to no Issen
|ja_tl   = Battle With Yasuhiko Tarou
|ko      = 야스히코 타로와의 결투
|ko_rm   = Yaseuhiko Taro-waui Gyeoltu
|ko_tl   = Battle with Yasuhiko Tarou
|es      = El enfrentamiento contra Yasuhiko Tarou
|es_tl   = The Confrontation Against Yasuhiko Tarou
|fr      = Contre Yasuhiko Tarou
|fr_tl   = Against Yasuhiko Tarou
|ru      = Бой с Ясухико Таро
|ru_tl   = Fight with Yasuhiko Tarou
|th      = การประลองกับ Yasuhiko Tarou
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cuộc Chiến Với Yasuhiko Tarou
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kampf gegen Yasuhiko Tarou
|de_tl   = Fight against Yasuhiko Tarou
|id      = Melawan Yasuhiko Tarou
|id_tl   = Versus Yasuhiko Tarou
|pt      = A Luta contra Yasuhiko Tarou
|pt_tl   = The Fight versus Yasuhiko Tarou
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:A Luta contra Yasuhiko Tarou]]
[[ru:Бой с Ясухико Таро]]