{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41335
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete [[City of Chores]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)*100
|characters    = Qingzhou; Traveler; Vermeer
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''Verses and Vistas of Lantern Rite (Part I)''''' is the first request in Part I of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Vermeer]]
#Look for suitable scenery
#Talk to [[Qingzhou]]
#Collect [[Pyro Whopperflower Nectar]]
#Report back to Vermeer

==Gameplay Notes==
* If the World Quest [[Luhua Landscape]] was started before accepting this quest, then it must be completed first before starting this one.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The artist [[Vermeer]] is puzzling over how to capture the [[Lantern Rite]] in a painting...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Vermeer)
:'''Vermeer:''' No this isn't right, and that's not right either...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Vermeer:''' Oh, hello. I'm just here collecting some materials.
:'''Vermeer:''' Given that the Lantern Rite festival is already in full swing, I was thinking about how I could create a painting that depicts Liyue Harbor during the festival.
:'''Vermeer:''' *sigh* Maybe it's a problem with my technique or something, but no matter what I do, the painting just doesn't feel right.
:'''Vermeer:''' Maybe a change of scenery would give me more inspiration, but I can't seem to find anywhere better...
:'''Vermeer:''' Traveler, do you know of any scenic spots that would be suitable for my painting?
:{{DIcon}} We'll have a look around!
:'''Vermeer:''' Oh, good. Let's have a look together then. Maybe we'll be able to find a nice scenic spot.

;(Talk to Qingzhou at the scenic spot)
:'''Vermeer:''' Now here's a good view of the landscape... Oh, who's this?
:'''Qingzhou:''' My name is Qingzhou, my liege. I might add that I consider myself a poet, if I may be so bold. And you are...
:'''Vermeer:''' Ah, so you're a poet? Haha. Well, I'm a painter and I'm looking for some scenic spots nearby to help give me some inspiration.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Inspiration, you say? Why, this is quite a coincidence. I myself am also seeking a stroke of inspiration. May I be so bold as to ask the purpose for which you seek to be inspired?
:'''Vermeer:''' Certainly, I intend to paint a scene of Liyue Harbor during the Lantern Rite. This traveler here was assisting me  in my search for a suitable landscape.
:'''Vermeer:''' And may I ask what you are seeking inspiration for?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Yes, quite the coincidence indeed. I also intend to write a poem about Liyue Harbor during the Lantern Rite. I'm seeking inspiration, just as you are.
:'''Vermeer:''' I see...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hmm...
:'''Vermeer:''' Wouldn't a poem be a little too simple? How could an amazing festival like the Lantern Rite and Liyue Harbor itself  possibly fit into a few lines of poetry?
:'''Vermeer:''' Hah, if you ask me, only a great painting could properly capture the essence of the festival.
:'''Qingzhou:''' A great painting, you say? Hehe, I fear that such a work would only be a waste of good brush and ink. A painting could never truly capture the subtle charm of the Lantern Rite and would fail to accurately render the spirit of Liyue.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Furthermore, could the grandeur of a land as magnificent as Liyue ever possibly be captured in a painting?
:'''Vermeer:''' Haha, I think a painting would be better.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hehe, and I think a poem would be better suited.
:{{DIcon}} Whoa, calm down you two.
:'''Vermeer:''' Arguing like this won't solve anything. I propose we each create a work depicting Liyue Harbor during the Lantern Rite...
:'''Vermeer:''' Once we've both finished our works, we can put them on display and invite someone to judge them. What do you say?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Your proposition is acceptable. I shall await your presence at Wangshu Inn once you have completed your... painting. Then we shall entreat an impartial judge to critique our work.
:'''Vermeer:''' Good, you have a deal.
:'''Qingzhou:''' It's settled then. If you would excuse me, I shall take my leave now.
:;(Qingzhou leaves)
:'''Vermeer:''' He sure does talk big for a poet. And to think he actually believes that the Lantern Rite and Liyue Harbor can be expressed with a few lines of poetry, hah!
:'''Vermeer:''' I'll show him! He won't even stand a chance once I finish my painting.
:'''Vermeer:''' I'll need to pour all my creativity into this one. In fact, I should even specially prepare some paints and brushes for this particular piece.
:'''Vermeer:''' Traveler, could I trouble you to help me collect some special materials?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Vermeer:''' Good, I'm counting on you. Now let me think...
:{{DIcon}} What kind of materials do you need?
:'''Vermeer:''' Oh, I'll need you to collect Whopperflower Nectar from a Pyro Whopperflower.
:'''Vermeer:''' With that, I'll be able to make mix some special paint.

;(Talk to Vermeer again)
:'''Vermeer:''' Hmph, my painting will leave that poet in tears of amazement.
----
;(Talk to Vermeer after collecting [[Pyro Whopperflower Nectar]])
:'''Vermeer:''' So, were you able to get the Whopperflower Nectar I need?
:{{DIcon}} Here it is.
:;(After giving the Pyro Whopperflower Nectar)
:'''Vermeer:''' Let me see here. Oh, here we go... Yes, this will do just fine.
:'''Vermeer:''' Once the paint is ready, all we'll need to do is find a suitable landscape and then I can start painting.
:'''Vermeer:''' Humph, just wait until that poet sees my painting...
:'''Vermeer:''' Ah, I've just remembered! It's a tradition to release [[Xiao Lantern]]s during Liyue's Lantern Rite. People even write wishes on the lanterns, right?
:'''Vermeer:''' Hehehe, I've even prepared a Xiao Lantern here, and as for the wish... Well, I won't tell you, otherwise it might not come true.
:'''Vermeer:''' Oh, I nearly forgot, these are for you. I guess you could consider them your reward. Thanks for the help!
:'''Vermeer:''' I can't wait to see the look on that poet's face when he sees my painting.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Verses and Vistas of Lantern Rite (Part I)
|zhs     = 海灯节的诗与画之一
|zhs_rm  = Hǎidēng-jié de Shī yǔ Huà zhī Yī
|zht     = 海燈節的詩與畫之一
|zht_rm  = Hǎidēng-jié de Shī yǔ Huà zhī Yī
|zh_tl   = Poems and Paintings of Lantern Rite: I
|ja      = 海灯祭の詩と絵その一
|ja_rm   = Umitou-sai no uta to eso no ichi
|ja_tl   = Poems and Paintings of Lantern Rite: I
|ko      = 해등절의 시와 그림Ⅰ
|ko_rm   = Haedeungjeol-ui Siwa Geurim Il
|ko_tl   = Poems and Paintings of Sea Lantern Festival One
|es      = Poemas y pinturas del Rito de la Linterna: parte I
|es_tl   = Poems and Paintings of the Rite of the Lantern: Part I
|fr      = Quand l'art s'en mêle
|fr_tl   = When Art Meddles In
|ru      = Праздничные стихи и пейзажи I
|ru_tl   = Festival Verses and Vistas I
|th      = บทกวีและภาพวาดของ Lantern Rite (I)
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thơ Và Tranh Tết Hải Đăng I
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geschichten und Gedichte des Laternenrituals I
|de_tl   = Stories and Poems of the Lantern Rite I
|id      = Syair dan Pemandangan Lantern Rite - Bagian I
|id_tl   = Poems and Scenery of Lantern Rite - Part I
|pt      = Pinturas e Poemas do Ritual de Lanternas - Parte I
|pt_tl   = Paintings and Poems of the Lantern Ritual - Part I
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ja:海灯祭の詩と絵その一]]
[[ru:Праздничные стихи и пейзажи I]]