{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71033
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete the quest [[Guests in Qingce]]
|startLocation = [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Granny Ruoxin; Little Liu; Little You; Little Zuo; Paimon; Traveler; Vermeer
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|summary       = 
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
}}
'''Verses and Vistas of Lantern Rite (Part II)''' is the fifth request in Part III of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the ninth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Vermeer]]
#Go to [[Qingce Village]]
#Talk to [[Granny Ruoxin]]
#Talk to Qingzhou
#Follow Qingzhou
#*You will do this 2 more time in different spots
#Talk to the children
#Hang the lantern riddle
#Talk to Qingzhou
#Talk to Vermeer
#Talk to Granny Ruoxin

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
{{Quest Description|Painter [[Vermeer]] seems to be looking for [[Qingzhou]]...}}
;(Talk to Vermeer)
:'''Vermeer:''' Over here, [[Traveler]], over here!
:{{DIcon}} You're the artist who made an arrangement with Qingzhou earlier..
:'''Vermeer:''' Yes, that's me. That poet and I agreed that we would each create a work of art that sums the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]] up.
:'''Vermeer:''' You even helped me to find my paints and brushes back then, remember?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I recall that...
:{{DIcon}} So, your painting...
:'''Vermeer:''' My painting... Ahem, well... I have actually painted a lot already &mdash; scenes, people, even animals...
:'''Vermeer:''' I'm confident that these works accurately portray their subjects, but... I can't say any of them really sums up the Lantern Rite...
:'''Vermeer:''' *sigh* I haven't been able to eat or sleep for days with this hanging over my head. I've practically used up all my paint, and still none of my paintings really capture the spirit of the festival.
:'''Vermeer:''' So, I want to go find that poet and see how his poem is coming along.
:'''Vermeer:''' Traveler, do you know where he headed off to?
:{{DIcon}} He went to Qingce Village
:'''Vermeer:''' Qingce Village? What did he go there for? ...Poetic inspiration?
:'''Vermeer:''' Quick, Traveler, we must get to Qingce Village and find him! Perhaps I may also be able to find some inspiration there...
:'''Vermeer:''' Ahem! Anyway, let's set out!
----
;(Arriving at [[Bishui Plain]] in Qingce Village)
:'''Vermeer:''' This is Qingce Village, then... Where's that poet? Has he gone to look for inspiration somewhere?
:{{DIcon}} Last time we met, he was playing lantern riddle games with the children...
:'''Vermeer:''' L&mdash;Lantern riddles? What is the meaning of this...?
:'''Vermeer:''' Did he fail to find inspiration for his poem and give up altogether?
:'''Vermeer:''' Anyhow, regardless of what he is up to, the Lantern Rite is almost over &mdash; there's no time to waste.
:'''Vermeer:''' Let's go ask the person in charge around here. Today I absolutely must see where our competition stands.
----
;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Why, if it isn't the Traveler. Thanks to you, our village finally has some festive cheer to it...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Oh, you've brought a new face with you, I see? If I may ask...
:{{DIcon}} He's an artist, and he's here to look for Qingzhou.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Looking for Mr. Qingzhou, is he? Hmm, that's just as well...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' When Miss [[Wang'ya]] left several days ago, Mr. Qingzhou said that he would like to stay here for a while longer.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' He should still be making up lantern riddles for the children. If my memory serves, he's taken them outside...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' You'll probably have to find him outside.
:'''Vermeer:''' He really is playing lantern riddle games... Traveler, if you could do me a favor...
:'''Vermeer:''' Go tell that poet that I've come. I will be here getting ready.
:'''Vermeer:''' No matter what, today I must see where our competition stands...
;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin again)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' What brings you here looking for Mr. Qingzhou?
:'''Vermeer:''' Hmm... Nothing too important, just a painting and a poem, is all...
----
;(Talk to Qingzhou)
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hahaha, I think you're all getting the hang of it. You're getting the answers faster and faster every time.
:{{DIcon}} Vermeer's here.
:{{DIcon}} Still remember your agreement with Vermeer?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Vermeer... Ah, yes, that artist. Let me see... by my count, this is indeed the agreed date.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Pity, then, that my poem remains as yet unfinished. Nor have these children yet had their fill of these lantern riddles...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Well, perhaps this is the uttermost limit of my poetic skill, then... Would you, perchance, accompany me to gather some inspiration once again?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hmm, perhaps I should say not that it is "gathering inspiration", rather, let us walk together.
:'''[[Little Zuo]]:''' Uncle Qingzhou! Does this mean we're not solving lantern riddles anymore? I still want to give them a try!
:'''[[Little Liu]]:''' I wanna solve some lantern riddles too, Uncle Qingzhou...
:'''[[Little You]]:''' Hmpf, I want to solve a few more, too...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hahaha, settle down, children. I shall just go for a short stroll with this friendly traveler here. I shall return soon to give you all a new lantern riddle.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Go back to Qingce Village and I will find you there when I get back. How's that?
:'''Little Zuo:''' Okay! You're amazing, Uncle Qingzhou &mdash; you can come up with so many riddles!
:'''Little Liu:''' You read tons of books, don't you, Uncle Qingzhou...?
:'''Little You:''' I want to grow up to be just like you, Uncle Qingzhou...
:'''Qingzhou:''' ...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Well, let us go then, Traveler. Let us bring this trivial matter to an end, can't leave those children waiting too long now.
----
;(Follow Qingzhou and gaze at the first location)
:'''Qingzhou:''' The scenery here is.. Heh, perfect for a lantern riddle.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hmm.. I got it. Let us go to the next place.

;(Follow Qingzhou and gaze at the second location)
:'''Qingzhou:''' Not bad. Quite suitable for writing a lantern riddle.

;(Follow Qingzhou and gaze at the third location)
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hmm.. Alright, I've got it &mdash; one sentence for the lantern riddle
:'''Qingzhou:''' Alright then, the lantern riddle is all done. Let us go to the Qingce Village now.
:'''Qingzhou:''' I will tell you the riddle once we arrive.
----
;(Talk to the children)
:'''Little Liu:''' Uncle Qingzhou's back! Uncle Qingzhou, have you finished writing a new lantern riddle for us?
:'''Little Zuo:''' I'll get it right this time... I think!
:'''Little You:''' I'll think this one through carefully...
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hahaha, yes, I've already written down the lantern riddle.
:'''Qingzhou:''' My liege, please help me hang this [[Xiao Lantern]] up... A little higher, if you would.
----
;(Hang the lantern riddle)
;(Reading the lantern riddle)
:'''Lantern riddle:''' "Countless ships over the waves do glide, their lamps lightning up Guyun's stones. They float along with the ocean tide, till with dragon and fish they rest at last their bones."
----
;(Talk to Qingzhou)
:'''Qingzhou:''' Children, look at this Xiao Lantern. The riddle's answer is a "thing" at the Lantern Rite. Go on, guess.
:'''Qingzhou:''' I must go tend to a matter with this here traveler. I'll be back to play with you once I'm done.
:'''Little Liu:''' Aww! Uncle Qingzhou, what have you gotta go do?
:'''Qingzhou:''' I must go find a certain painter to settle a certain... competition. I write the best poem and he creates the best painting, and we see whose work is better.
:'''Little Zuo:''' Well, you're going to win for sure, Uncle Qingzhou. All of those lantern riddles you made were great!.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Is that so? Thank you for your praise. Take this Xiao Lantern to Qingce Village first and try to guess it. It's not safe alone in the wild.
:'''Little Zuo:''' Don't worry, Uncle Qingzhou! We're familiar with around here, we can make it back on our own. Go and show that painter what you got!
:'''Little You:''' Then... Uncle Qingzhou, after you finish your competition with that painter, hurry on back to play with us.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Of course. I will go find you as soon as I'm done tending to the matter.
:{{DIcon}} A great poem indeed.
:{{DIcon}} We've got a winner.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hehe, that's not even a poem, my liege. Nothing more than a lantern riddle.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Alrighty. We shall find that painter then. He's been waiting long enough.

;(Talk to the children)
:'''Little Zuo:''' What's the answer? Maybe we should put our heads together?
:'''Little You:''' Uncle Qingzhou is soooo smart! How many books do I have to read to be that smart...
:'''Little Liu:''' So, have you solved the riddle yet?
----
;(Talk to Vermeer)
:'''Vermeer:''' You're here at last. Have you written that poem?
:'''Qingzhou:''' No, I have not penned anything suitable.
:'''Vermeer:''' S&mdash;So you too... Ahem, so you haven't, have you?
:'''Qingzhou:''' [[Liyue]] is large and its households are many. I pondered the matter long, yet I could not find an appropriate summation for Lantern Rite. Have you, then, finished your painting?
:'''Vermeer:''' I... I haven't either. Liyue's too large! How could I paint it all, unless the sky itself were to be my canvas?
:'''Qingzhou:''' So in the end, neither of us was able to create a poem or an artwork that could encompass [[Liyue Harbor]] and the Lantern Rite.
:'''Qingzhou:''' I suppose, then, that this may be considered a draw.
:'''Vermeer:''' Uh... fine, alright then.
:'''Little Zuo:''' Uncle Qingzhou, Uncle Qingzhou! We've figured that lantern riddle out!
:'''Vermeer:''' L&mdash;Lantern riddle? What lantern riddle?
:'''Qingzhou:''' It's nothing, really. I just came up with some lantern riddles to entertain these kids.
:'''Vermeer:''' Oh? What is it? Can you tell me one?
:'''Qingzhou:''' "Countless ships over the waves do glide, their lamps lightning up Guyun's stones. They float along with the ocean tide, till with dragon and fish they rest at last their bones."
:'''Vermeer:''' You wrote this riddle for kids? It's...
:'''Little Zuo:''' Uncle Qingzhou, who's this other uncle?
:{{DIcon}} He's that painter.
:{{DIcon}} He's that guy competing with Qingzhou.
:'''Vermeer:''' If this poet didn't want to compete with me, then why would he make that agreement?
:'''Qingzhou:''' You're mistaken. At first, I indeed saw it as a competition... I spent much energy going everywhere in search of inspiration... wanting to compose the perfect poem.
:'''Qingzhou:''' But, as you might have realized as well, it's impossible to encompass Liyue Harbor and the Lantern Rite in just a few lines of words. So...
:'''Vermeer:''' So, you came here to play lantern riddles games with children?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Exactly, so I came to play with children, hoping I would fine some poetic inspiration in these delightful lantern riddle games.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hehe, though I never found inspiration for my poem, I was able to come up with a number of lantern riddles. The children have certainly enjoyed it.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Perhaps... this experience is the very poem I sought. But alas, where would I begin writing it? Thus, with no poem, I have no way of competing with you.
:'''Vermeer:''' You people of Liyue... are so strange! Then what about our competition? Who won and who lost? A draw is simply unacceptable to me.
:'''Little Zuo:''' This other uncle sure likes to talk a lot... of course the winner is Uncle Qingzhou!
:'''Little Zuo:''' He's awesome. He came up with so many lantern riddles, and I bet you can't even guess the answers to them!
:'''Vermeer:''' This poet... Hmm? Hold on, I have an idea...
:'''Vermeer:''' How about this &mdash; let's have a new competition!
:'''Qingzhou:''' Oh? And how do you propose we commence this new competition?
:'''Vermeer:''' You created a lot of lantern riddles for these kids, right? Well, when I was searching for inspiration for my painting, I saw lots of Xiao Lanterns and their decorative patterns.
:'''Vermeer:''' You write the riddle, and I'll paint the Xiao Lantern. The children will serve as judges, and whoever's work they like more will be deemed the winner. Is that fair?
:'''Qingzhou:''' Okay! It suits me just fine, and also suits the spirit of the Lantern Rite. A very suitable competition indeed.
:'''Vermeer:''' Then it's settled. Let me first prepare my painting supplies, and then let our new competition commence!
:{{DIcon}} You guys sure have a lot of energy...
:{{DIcon}} Give it your all, you guys...
:'''Vermeer:''' Gather 'round, children. Show me the riddle this poet fellow writes, and I'll paint you a beautiful Xiao Lantern!
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hehe, I only fear that you won't be able to keep up with me.
:'''Qingzhou:''' Okay! It suits me just fine, and also suits the spirit of the Lantern Rite. A very suitable competition indeed.

:'''Paimon:''' They're so competitive! Let's hope it doesn't escalate too far...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's see what Granny Ruoxin has to say about all this.

;(Talk to Vermeer again)
:'''Vermeer:''' Painting Xiao Lanterns is a lot of fun, good thing I brought enough materials

;(Talk to Qingzhou again)
:'''Qingzhou:''' Hmm, another lantern riddle... This one can be about... Qingce Village...

;(Talk to Little You)
:'''Little You:''' Hmm... can't guess this lantern riddle either, so difficult...

;(Talk to Little Zuo)
:'''Little Zuo:''' Wow... this Xiao Lantern looks amazing, how did they paint it...

;(Talk to Little Liu)
:'''Little Liu:''' Should I call some others over...?

;(Idle quotes)
:'''Little You:''' Lantern riddles are so difficult...
:'''Little Zuo:''' What a beautiful Xiao Lantern...
:'''Little Liu:''' Which should I choose...
----
;(Talk to Granny Ruoxin)
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Oh, do you need anything?
:{{DIcon}} About Qingzhou and Vermeer...
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' Oh, those two? Don't worry about them. As long as they're willing to accompany the children. I'm fine with them.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' This is a festive season, after all. It's good for things to be lively.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' You are always running around helping out Qingce Village. Thank you, child.
:{{DIcon}} It's nothing.
:{{DIcon}} Don't mention it.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' You sure are a kind-hearted child... Here, take these as thanks. You must have yourself a happy festival as well, now.
:'''Granny Ruoxin:''' I hope in the future Lantern Rites here will be this exciting...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Verses and Vistas of Lantern Rite (Part II)
|zhs     = 海灯节的诗与画之二
|zhs_rm  = Hǎidēng-jié de Shī yǔ Huà zhī Èr
|zht     = 海燈節的詩與畫之二
|zht_rm  = Hǎidēng-jié de Shī yǔ Huà zhī Èr
|zh_tl   = Poems and Paintings of Lantern Rite: II
|ja      = 海灯祭の詩と絵その二
|ja_rm   = Umitou-sai no uta to eso no ni
|ja_tl   = Poems and Paintings of Lantern Rite: II
|ko      = 해등절의 시와 그림Ⅱ
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Poemas y pinturas del Rito de la Linterna: parte II
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Peinture ou poème ?
|fr_tl   = Painting or Poem?
|ru      = Стихи и картины Праздника морских фонарей II
|ru_tl   = Verses and Vistas of the Sea Lantern Festival II
|th      = บทกวีและภาพวาดของ Lantern Rite (II)
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thơ Và Tranh Tết Hải Đăng II
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Geschichten und Gedichte des Laternenrituals II
|de_tl   = Stories and Poems of the Lantern Rite II
|id      = Kisah Lantern Rite II
|id_tl   = Lantern Rite Tale II
|pt      = Pinturas e Poemas do Ritual de Lanternas - Parte II
|pt_tl   = Paintings and Poems of the Lantern Ritual - Part II
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}