{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72721
|image         = Event Quest Versus Taroumaru.png
|type          = World
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Taroumaru; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = Versus Mishima Michitoshi
|next          = 
|other         = 
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
}}
'''''Versus Taroumaru''''' is an Event Quest that unlocks the fourth challenge of [[Clash of Lone Blades]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Taroumaru]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The one who comes now is your most formidable opponent &mdash; and he is none other than Taroumaru, boss of Komore Teahouse!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Taroumaru)
:'''Taroumaru:''' Woof! Woof, woof! Woof!
:{{DIcon}} Eh? It's Taroumaru?
:{{DIcon}} The "mightiest warrior" is Taroumaru!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, Yasuhiko Tarou did say earlier that the fourth warrior came because they lacked some Mora on hand. Guess Taroumaru's in it for the prize as well, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, sorry, Taroumaru, but Paimon isn't gonna give an inch when it comes to Mora!
:'''Taroumaru:''' Woof?
:'''Taroumaru:''' Woof, woof woof! Woof, woof!
:{{DIcon}} Taroumaru's barking is getting louder...
:{{DIcon}} Did you cheese him off somehow...
:'''Paimon:''' Taroumaru, this is a most solemn duel. The prize must go to the one who is more skilled in martial arts between yourself and (Traveler).
:'''Paimon:''' But if we win... we can buy you some tasty snacks to eat.
:'''Taroumaru:''' Woof, woof woof! Woof, woof!
:{{DIcon}} I didn't get that, but bring it on anyway.
::'''Taroumaru:''' Woof!
:{{DIcon}} Not that I understood that, but give me a moment to prepare.
::'''Taroumaru:''' Woof, woof, woof!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Versus Taroumaru
|zhs     = 与太郎丸之战
|zhs_rm  = Yǔ Tàilángwán zhī Zhàn
|zht     = 與太郎丸之戰
|zht_rm  = Yǔ Tàilángwán zhī Zhàn
|zh_tl   = Battle with Taroumaru
|ja      = 太郎丸との一戦
|ja_rm   = Taroumaru to no Issen
|ja_tl   = Battle with Taroumaru
|ko      = 타로마루와의 결투
|ko_rm   = Taromaru-waui Gyeoltu
|ko_tl   = Battle with Taromaru
|es      = El enfrentamiento contra Taroumaru
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Contre Taroumaru
|fr_tl   = Against Taroumaru
|ru      = Бой с Таромару
|ru_tl   = Battle with Taroumaru
|th      = การประลองกับ Taroumaru
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cuộc Chiến Với Taroumaru
|vi_tl   = Battle with Taroumaru
|de      = Kampf gegen Taroumaru
|de_tl   = Fight against Taroumaru
|id      = Melawan Taroumaru
|id_tl   = Versus Taroumaru
|pt      = A Luta contra Taroumaru
|pt_tl   = The Fight versus Taroumaru
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
[[pt-br:A Luta contra Taroumaru]]