{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Veteran's Visage.png
|set   = Marechaussee Hunter
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|An old mask that can, to some extent, stand in for a face marred by wounds. Its design can vary based on the wounded areas and the user's gender.}}
'''Veteran's Visage''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Marechaussee Hunter]].

==Description==
This mask was given to one whose face was wounded in service to the [[Court of Fontaine]].<br>
It is a replacement for an appalling visage — the glory, or perhaps the shame, of an old soldier.<br>
Yet even though the scars can be covered, the wounds laid on one's heart will not disappear.

"If I do not return, I leave those [[Mary-Ann|two]] [[Alain Guillotin|kids]] to you."<br>
[[Basil Elton|His friend]] said to him — she with whom he had grown up, and served the Court of Fontaine together.<br>
I've stopped asking you to fight alongside me, she wanted to say,<br>
But today, the tacit understanding between them was a blank span of years.<br>
So long as they didn't discuss it, it was almost as if the [[Poisson]] incident had never happened.

The [[Narzissenkreuz Institute|Institute]] might be drowned for certain this time, and things won't be safe without myself and the [[Lyris|Director]],<br>
And so it might be better to entrust the children to trustworthy people like yourself and [[Karl Ingold|Ingold]],<br>
His friend explained, seeing the look he was giving her, mute beneath that mask.

"When I return in triumph, let's invite [[Dwight Lasker|Lasker]] and Ingold for a get-together."<br>
"I'll cook this time. I'll show you lot my skills."<br>
Seeing the suspicion in his eyes, she added this on in a huff—<br>
"Hey, I've picked up baking these past few years! The children love it!"

"Well, guess it's goodbye, Guillotin... My dear [[Emanuel Guillotin|Emanuel]]."<br>
"Hope everything goes smoothly on your end. Don't get yourself in trouble, now."<br>
"I do hope that those brats haven't wrecked my Sponsian just yet..."

He had no love of children — indeed, he wished to have no dealings with anyone,<br>
For all seeing people did was remind him that they, too, had red blood flowing within them.<br>
But since his old friend was asking this of him, he would help watch over them for now.<br>
He'd just throw the hot potato back at Basil when she returned...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Veteran's Visage
|zhs     = 老兵的容颜
|zhs_rm  = Lǎobīng de Róngyán
|zht     = 老兵的容顏
|zht_rm  = Lǎobīng de Róngyán
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 老兵の容貌
|ja_rm   = Rouhei no Youbou
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 노병<->의 얼굴
|ko_tl   = Face of a Veteran
|es      = Semblante del Veterano
|es_tl   = Face of the Veteran
|fr      = Visage du vétéran
|fr_tl   = Veteran's Visage
|ru      = Лик старого солдата
|ru_tl   = Old Soldier's Face
|th      = Veteran's Visage
|vi      = Dung Nhan Của Lão Binh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Antlitz eines Veteranen
|de_tl   = Visage of a Veteran
|id      = Veteran's Visage
|pt      = Semblante do Veterano
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Gazinin Çehresi
|tr_tl   = Veteran's Visage
|it      = Volto del veterano
|it_tl   = Face of the Veteran
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Marechaussee Hunter}}

[[fr:Visage du vétéran]]
[[ja:老兵の容貌]]
[[tr:Gazinin Çehresi]]
[[uk:Обличчя ветерана]]
[[vi:Dung Nhan Của Lão Binh]]
[[zh:老兵的容顏]]