{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Viaghara
|title            = Lord of the Forest
|title2           = Greater Lord of the Labyrinths
|titleRef2        = <ref name="Silver Dew">{{Ref/Item|Silver Talisman of the Forest Dew}}</ref>
|title3           = Owner of the Moon-Mirrored Spring
|titleRef3        = <ref name="Silver Dew" />
|title4           = Lord of All Animals
|titleRef4        = <ref name="The Folio of Foliage">{{Ref/Book|The Folio of Foliage}}</ref>
|element          = 
|affiliation      = 
|affiliation2     = 
|region           = Sumeru
}}
'''Viaghara''' was a "true tiger" and the first lord of the forest, born after [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] established her domain in [[Dharma Forest]] and created the [[Varuna Contraption]].<ref name="Laurel">{{Ref/Arti|Laurel Coronet}}</ref>

==Profile==
Little is known about Viaghara beyond the stories regarding its creation. According to legends, after Greater Lord Rukkhadevata chose to split from [[King Deshret]] and the [[Great Red Sand]], she moved eastwards and created the Varuna Contraption to nurture a rainforest, later called [[Dharma Forest]]. The Varuna Contraption's creation caused the moon's reflection on the water to create the image of a labyrinth. This labyrinth gave birth to a divine beast<ref>{{Ref/Wildlife|Rishboland Tiger}}</ref> in the form of a tiger, which was named Viaghara.<ref name="Laurel" /><ref name="Coordinate">{{Ref/Domain|The Coordinates of Sun and Rain}}</ref>

===Appearance===
Viaghara's stripes resembled "blazing flames"<ref name="Silver Dew" /> and were constantly changing.<ref name="Laurel" />

==Story==
When Viaghara was born, Rukkhadevata gave him a certain crown, and the two exchanged tokens to represent their friendship, described as "gems that glimmered like water and silver that gleamed like the moonlight."<ref name="Silver Dew" /> After the [[Aranara]] &mdash; or the "children of the pomegranate" &mdash; were created, Viaghara blessed them under the first [[Vasara Tree]] and made a pact with Rukkhadevata to share the labyrinth with them.<ref name="Laurel" /> From then on, the two groups worked together to protect the Varuna Contraption and the "secret of sun and rain": the lords of the forest used hedges and streams, while the Aranara used dreams and illusions.<ref name="Coordinate" />

The crown Rukkhadevata had given him was passed down to a girl named [[Cinnamon]], Viaghara's squire,<ref name="King's Squire">{{Ref/Weapon|King's Squire}}</ref> who was the first maiden to follow in the lords of the forests' footsteps.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Labyrinth Wayfarer}}</ref> Cinnamon went on to teach other children of the forest how to navigate the labyrinth and follow the rules of nature, who themselves went on to teach more successors and established what would be known as the guardians of the forest. [[Viridescent]], who lived during the [[cataclysm]] 500 years ago, came from that lineage, but abandoned that path in order to enact revenge on [[Abyss]]al monsters.<ref name="King's Squire" /><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Scholar of Vines}}</ref>

Nothing else can be determined about Viaghara's life beyond its death at an unknown point in the past, with each successor after it changing their palace's form based on their images and visions.<ref name="Regalia">{{Ref/Weapon|Forest Regalia}}</ref> It had an unknown number of successors, which ultimately ended with a tiger only referred to as the "final lord of the forest," which died defending the forest during the cataclysm.<ref name="Laurel" /><ref name="Regalia" /> From then on, the [[Rishboland Tiger]]s have succeeded the "tiger" name.

===Faramarz and the Huntress===
An unknown amount of time after King Deshret sacrificed himself to end the [[forbidden knowledge]] pollution he had brought to his kingdom, which led it to ruin, a fallen desert prince named [[Faramarz]] eventually attempted to try his luck in the forest. However, sensing that Faramarz had blood on his hands and wishing to prevent him from trying to conquer the forest, the lord of the forest at the time ordered a huntress wielding a white bow &mdash; now known as [[Hunter's Path]] &mdash; to drive him away over and over again.<ref name="LotL">{{Ref/Weapon|Lamp of the Lost}}</ref><ref name="Wandering">{{Ref/Weapon|Wandering Evenstar}}</ref> However, the huntress refused to take his life in hopes that he could one day redeem himself. Though the king did not see that potential in Faramarz, he ordered the huntress to guide the desert-dweller into the maze to pick off a white branch. Faramarz's ultimate fate is unclear,<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Light of Foliar Incision}}</ref> with accounts suggesting he died in the forest.<ref name="LotL" /><ref name="Wandering" />

It is unknown whether the lord of the forest and the huntress involved in this story were Viaghara and Cinnamon; due to a lack of names for the other lords of the forest, it is currently assumed that the "ancient forest king" refers to Viaghara.

==Trivia==
===Etymology===  
* {{lang|Vyaghra|sa={{wt|व्याघ्र}}}} is a word that has several meanings, but is most often used to refer to {{w|tiger}}s.<ref>Wisdom Library: [https://www.wisdomlib.org/definition/vyaghra Vyaghra]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en        = Viaghara
|zhs       = 毗伽罗
|zhs_rm    = Píjiāluō
|zht       = 毗伽羅
|zht_rm    = Píjiāluō
|ja        = ビャガラ
|ja_rm     = Byagara
|ko        = 비야가라
|es        = Viagara
|fr        = Viaghara
|ru        = Виагара
|th        = Viaghara
|vi        = Viaghara
|de        = Viaghara
|id        = Viaghara
|pt        = Viaghara
|tr        = Viaghara
|it        = Viaghara
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}