{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73689
|image         = Event Quest Vibro-Crystal Reharmonization.png
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Minlin
|event_name    = Vibro-Crystal/2023-03-14
|event_label   = Vibro-Crystal Verification
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Minlin]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Vibro-Crystal/2023-03-14|Vibro-Crystal Verification]] event.
|characters    = Anatole; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Vibro-Crystal Reharmonization''''' is an [[Event Quest]] that unlocks the [[Vibro-Crystal/2023-03-14|Vibro-Crystal Verification]] event.

==Steps==
# Speak to the strange engineer from [[Fontaine]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest cannot be initiated in [[Co-Op Mode]].

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A certain engineer from Fontaine is currently performing some rather esoteric research...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to the strange engineer)
:'''???:''' *sigh* This just doesn't qualify as a reproducible experiment at all. It's not that I don't want to help you, [[Patrice]], but seriously, good luck to you here...
:'''???:''' There's nothing I can do here. Might as well go find something to eat... Yes, maybe some [[Bamboo Shoot Soup]] might do!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, then you're pretty far from any place you can get some, mister!
:'''???:''' Aye, that's true, that's true...
:'''???:''' Wait, who are you, and why are you here in this archon-forsaken place!? Suspicious...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh, is it really that suspicious?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah. Where did you appear from anyway, Paimon?
:{{DIcon}} You're the suspicious one, Paimon.
:'''Paimon:''' What are you saying? We came here together, didn't we?
:'''Paimon:''' Grr, there's gotta be something Paimon can say in response... That's right! We're very suspicious indeed... But as some guy from Fontaine, isn't your presence here even more suspicious?
:'''???:''' Huh. Is that how I appear to others?
:{{DIcon}} Well, you are from Fontaine...
:'''Paimon:''' That's right. The two of us are adventurers, so it's at least kinda normal for us to be here. But you're definitely a strange sight to see!
:'''???:''' Hmmm. Well, that does make some sense... Well met then, {{Traveler}} the adventurer. And might I have your name, flying fairy?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's Paimon!
:'''???:''' Fair enough. Then I, too, shall introduce myself. I am Anatole, an engineer from the [[Fontaine Research Institute]].
:'''Anatole:''' I shall be plain with you: I am here at the behest of my superiors at the Institute, to conduct some research...
:'''Paimon:''' Into Liyue cuisine?
:'''Anatole:''' Hehe, Liyue cuisine is interesting... But I fear not. The Institute is an organization dedicated to the study of machines and energy, though I do wish that we would have a Gourmet Department. That would be a capital notion!
:'''Anatole:''' Well, I'm getting off-topic. The sum of the matter is that I have a colleague who entered the Institute at the same time as me and has been researching minerals and elemental energy.
:'''Anatole:''' Hmm. If you've been around these parts, you might have met him. His name is Patrice &mdash; would that ring any bells?
:{{DIcon}} Not really...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't quite remember.
::'''Anatole:''' *sigh* Patrice...
:{{DIcon}} I think I sort of remember...
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon can't really recall much about him, but there was this guy from Fontaine fiddling with rocks around here...
::'''Anatole:''' I'd wager that was him &mdash; unlucky Patrice.
:'''Anatole:''' According to his research directions, he would need a large and specialized batch of minerals from Liyue, but due to some budget and test site funding issues, along with other well-publicized reasons...
:'''Paimon:''' So he couldn't conduct the experiment, then...
:'''Anatole:''' That's right. One day, he took all his remaining funds and experimental equipment and vanished. Everyone said that he had finally gotten tired of the Institute and upped and left with the [[Mora]].
:'''Anatole:''' I must say that I'd always believed that he could finish his experiments, and I'd never stoop to gossiping behind his back, unlike some people with nothing better to do but talk behind others' backs... *cough*
:'''Anatole:''' In any case, he finally returned alive and well a while ago, and with experimental results to boot. Ah, truly, the pioneering spirit of the researcher lives within him!
:'''Anatole:''' According to him, he went to Liyue directly and set his experiment up here... and after overcoming various unimaginably tough obstacles, he finally finished his research project!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, isn't that great?
:{{DIcon}} Sure sounds like it.
::'''Anatole:''' Indeed &mdash; if the story had ended here, it would be an encouraging tale for the ages. But... *sigh* and there's always a but, isn't there...
:{{DIcon}} What does that all have to do with you, by the way?
::'''Anatole:''' *sigh* Well, it's complicated. As I said before, things played out quite unfortunately...
:'''Anatole:''' His experiments here were, in fact, an illegal act... Not that I don't understand, though. If he had followed normal procedures, he would have been filing out application forms and official statements for half a month and then some.
:'''Anatole:''' But of course, there was no one who could verify the experimental procedure, and the data he produced was overly detailed and complete... To quote the review document verbatim, "it is almost as if it were simply spun out of thin air..."
:'''Anatole:''' Patrice insisted over and over that the data's completeness was due to the invaluable aid of the local Adventurers' Guild...
:'''Anatole:''' But the people upstairs weren't going to believe that, and so according to regulations, someone must reproduce the experiment to verify the data he obtained...
:'''Paimon:''' Uh... So you mean some unlucky soul will have to come over here from Fontaine to do his experiment again, right?
:'''Paimon:''' And who's that unlucky duck?
:'''Anatole:''' Oh, who is it, I wonder? Haha! Well, it's me! I'm your unlucky duck!
:'''Anatole:''' Patrice is a good fellow, so I did, in fact, want to help him...
:'''Anatole:''' But I only realized when I got here that though the minerals we need are easy to find, it is basically impossible to do this experiment by oneself.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, but why...
:'''Anatole:''' "Patrice did his experiment by himself, so I have to as well"... I think that was their idea, anyway. Grr, this organization can be blown sky-high for all I care...
:{{DIcon}} Sky... high?
:'''Anatole:''' *cough* The Institute was once rocked by a massive explosion during a particularly catastrophic experimental failure. But that's neither here nor there...
:'''Anatole:''' Anyway, that explosion did not take the strange and redundant processes and the overly complicated management systems with it &mdash; and they have returned "new and improved."
:'''Anatole:''' *sigh* Forget the data verification experiment. And even if I don't use the allocated funds, it will only go towards a futile lightening of next year's budget. I might as well go to Liyue and have a good meal...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, no wonder you were rambling about Bamboo Shoot Soup earlier... But if you leave now, what about Patrice's research?
:'''Anatole:''' ...
:'''Anatole:''' If I hadn't met you, {{Traveler}} the adventurer... and Paimon, I would already have given up by now.
:'''Anatole:''' But could you now help me finish this experiment and get the verification I need? I can see that it is not beyond your abilities.
:'''Anatole:''' As for your remuneration, if we exclude traveling expenses, we should still have thirty percent of the total funds left...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it's not really about the Mora, is it, {{Traveler}}...
:{{DIcon}} Well, fine, we'll do it for Patrice.
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon knew you'd agree!
:{{DIcon}} I'll do it if I get your share too, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Eh? C'mon, don't be so petty, that's not what Paimon was talking about! *cough* We'll help, don't you worry. But we'll be taking that fee.
:'''Anatole:''' Thank you both so much... Alright then, allow me to go through the content of the experiment.
:'''Anatole:''' We can judge from the records Patrice left for us that there exist minerals known as Vibro-Crystals.
:'''Anatole:''' When the Transmitter Crystal half of the Vibro-Crystal set has been stimulated in a certain way, it will release a certain energy that will trigger a resonance with the Receiver Crystal half &mdash; this association is referred to as "harmonics"...
:'''Anatole:''' It seems that these harmonics can produce... a certain energy and some sort of resonance, that will... affect some specific targets.
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, Anatole, have you really read his notes before?
:'''Anatole:''' Eh, it's about right anyway. *cough* These invented terms are just window-dressing anyway. When it comes to experiments, only the data will never lie.
:'''Anatole:''' In summation, you'll have to engage in combat within the experimental area while under the effects of the Vibro-Crystals. Can you do that for me?
:'''Paimon:''' Well, you could've said that sooner, y'know? {{Traveler}}'s really strong, so it'll be fine.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Anatole:''' Alright. Then let us begin as soon as possible!
:'''Anatole:''' It's just... *sigh*
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? What are you doing, sighing like that again?
:'''Anatole:''' Bamboo Shoot Soup...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, stop dwelling on it already!

;(Talk to Anatole again)
:'''Anatole:''' The experimental area is ready. Take these instruction manuals &mdash; Patrice was the one who wrote them down...
:{{DIcon}} Tell me more about the Fontaine Research Institute...
::'''Anatole:''' Well, the Academy is a research center founded by [[Alain Guillotin]], and its full name is the "Fontaine Research Institute of Kinetic Energy Engineering." It and the Sumeru Akademiya are very different organizations.
::'''Anatole:''' We do not exercise any administrative responsibility over the people of Fontaine, as that would be redundant anyway, nor do we aim to educate. As the name may suggest, our focus is on research.
::'''Anatole:''' Let's just say that the Institute has greatly benefited Fontaine. Some of the clockwork mechanisms and kinetic cores created by Guillotin, who was regarded as a genius, are still being made by many factories today.
::'''Anatole:''' Haha, but all these things will eventually change, of course.
:{{DIcon}} So, about the explosion you mentioned...
::'''Anatole:''' I wasn't in the country at the time, so I can't give you any first-hand information. It seems to have occurred when Senior Technician [[Edwin Eastinghouse]] was conducting an experiment using [[Arkhe|Arkhium]] that was aimed at dealing with the waterline crisis.
::'''Anatole:''' The explosion was very terrible indeed, and the incident really put the Institute on the map of Fontaine... To this day, they haven't found all the p... I mean, they haven't found Eastinghouse.
:{{DIcon}} Alright, let's begin in a bit.
:'''Anatole:''' Well then. Can Patrice escape the pickle he is currently in? This experiment shall decide that.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vibro-Crystal Reharmonization
|zhs     = 振晶，映射二度
|zhs_rm  = Zhènjīng, Yìngshè Èrdù
|zht     = 振晶，映射二度
|zht_rm  = Zhènjīng, Yìngshè Èrdù
|zh_tl   = Vibration Crystals, a Second Mapping
|ja      = 振晶、再び映射
|ja_rm   = Shinshou, Futatabi Eisha{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Vibration Crystals, Reflecting Again
|ko      = 진동 수정 2차 영사
|ko_rm   = Jindong Sujeong I-cha Yeongsa
|ko_tl   = Vibration Crystal Secondary Projection
|es      = Recalibración de la irradiación resonante
|es_tl   = Recalibration of Resonant Irradiation
|fr      = Irradiation du vibrocristal, bis
|fr_tl   = Vibro-Crystal Irradiation, Encore
|ru      = Повторный резонанс кристаллов
|ru_tl   = Repeated Crystal Resonance
|th      = การส่องแสงอีกครั้งของผลึกสั่นสะเทือน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Pha Lê, Phản Chiếu Độ Hai
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Vibrationskristall: Lichter reflektieren doppelt
|de_tl   = Vibration Crystal: Lights Reflect Twice
|id      = Harmoni Kristal Resonansi: Tahap Dua
|id_tl   = Crystal Resonance Harmony: Phase Two
|pt      = Rearmonização de Cristais Vibrantes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = İletici Kristalin Yeniden Armonize Edilmesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Riarmonizzazione dei Vibrocristalli
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}

[[es:Recalibración de la irradiación resonante]]
[[pt-br:Rearmonização de Cristais Vibrantes]]
[[ru:Повторный резонанс кристаллов]]