{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest Vibro-Crystal Projections.png
|type          = World
|region        = 
|area          = 
|event_name    = Vibro-Crystal Research
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = 
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|mora          = 10,000
|primogems     = 
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[Vibro-Crystal Research]] event.
|characters    = Katheryne (Liyue); Paimon; Patrice; Traveler
}}

==Steps==
# Go to the Liyue [[Adventurers' Guild]]
# Look for [[Patrice]] near The Chasm

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|A certain researcher from Fontaine is currently performing some esoteric research in The Chasm.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Ah, I've been waiting for you, Traveler.
:'''Katheryne:''' Recently, the Adventurers' Guild has received a rather important commission. Judging from my experience, you are the best person for the job.
:{{DIcon}} An important commission, you say...
:{{DIcon}} Well, this sounds familiar.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, come on. Don't worry, Katheryne, we're used to it already!
:'''Paimon:''' And you wouldn't have troubled us if the rewards weren't worth it either, right?
:'''Katheryne:''' Well, that is true... As expected of the two of you &mdash; as straightforward as ever.
:'''Katheryne:''' Well, then I will get straight to the point as well. The person who gave this commission out is named Patrice, and he is a researcher from Fontaine.
:'''Katheryne:''' He hopes to get a few assistants to help him conduct his studies. He is presently inspecting the outskirts of The Chasm.
:'''Katheryne:''' Although we were not given a great amount of detail concerning the nature of this research, I believe that you are quite used to such commissions...
:{{DIcon}} That's true...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, let's do it like we always do. First up, to The Chasm!
----
;(Talk to Patrice)
:'''Patrice:''' We can't have any more delays. We need to move onto the verification stage as soon as possible... Worse comes to worst, I'll do it myself.
:'''Patrice:''' "Research halted temporarily due to accidental injury." I think that'll buy me some time...
:'''Patrice:''' As long as I don't lose my life, I'd call it a better trade than having to go to court back home!
:'''Paimon:''' What's he talking to himself about? Let's go say hi, (Traveler).
:{{DIcon}} Hello, are you Patrice?
:'''Patrice:''' Aaahhh! Where did you two come from... and how do you know my name?
:'''Patrice:''' Wait, you aren't plainclothes Millelith, are you? Are you here to kick me out? I've already shown you my field inspection permit!
:'''Patrice:''' I swear to you, I did not enter any restricted areas! If you don't believe me, go ask that black-haired, fierce-looking lady!
:'''Paimon:''' Uh, Paimon doesn't know who you're talking about, but you can relax.
:'''Paimon:''' We're friendly, professional adventurers. We received your commission from the Guild, and we're here to help!
:'''Patrice:''' Oh, so you're the reinforcements? Wonderful, wonderful! Now that you're here, we finally have a chance! I was going to die here at this rate...
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, your research sounds more like torture...
:'''Patrice:''' No, no! Research itself is sacred! The highest calling! The thing in my way is what one might call... additional factors.
:'''Paimon:''' Additional factors? Like what?
:'''Patrice:''' Well, like how I will kick the bucket should this research fail.
:'''Paimon:''' ...!?
:{{DIcon}} That sounds like defeatist talk.
:{{DIcon}} That's a pretty funny one, I'll give you that.
:'''Patrice:''' *sigh* If only I were joking.
:'''Patrice:''' Independent researchers must apply for funding to conduct their studies, but using them means that you'll be assuming the social responsibility that comes with their use.
:'''Patrice:''' To spend large sums and not produce any results therefore makes you no different from a criminal deserving of judgment!
:'''Patrice:''' If I return empty-handed, I will almost certainly face at least a few dozen charges, including but not limited to, "wasting public funds" and "misappropriating academic resources."
:'''Patrice:''' Such crimes will surely land me the harshest punishments... Never mind the bankruptcy or the sullying of my name &mdash; if I am indeed judged, I might really die!
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? That sounds way too extreme!
:'''Paimon:''' So is that why you put up so much Mora for assistants to help you?
:{{DIcon}} Fontaine sounds like a scary place.
::'''Patrice:''' Nay, my homeland is innocent! It is those "additional factors" that are to blame!
:{{DIcon}} These "additional factors" sound horrifying.
::'''Patrice:''' And yet they have their uses. As long as you are not considered guilty, you can enjoy all manner of conveniences. We people of Fontaine have all benefited from that system in the past.
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, calm down, we get that the situation is serious. This research concerns your future, and even your life, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Just leave it to us. We'll help get you out of this!
:'''Patrice:''' As things stand, I suppose I have no other choice.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need us to do exactly?
:{{DIcon}} Could you explain your research topic a bit?
:'''Patrice:''' Yes, let's get down to it. So, my research topic is called Vibro-Crystal Harmonics.
:'''Patrice:''' Simply put, this is the process of stimulating the elemental energy within gems and crystals, and using this elemental power as a source of energy.
:'''Paimon:''' That sounds super convenient! Paimon can totally see it being used to make practical and awesome machines...
:'''Paimon:''' But what do these gems have to do with this vibey-raidey thing you're talking about again?
:{{DIcon}} I suppose these gems are the "Vibro-Crystals."
:'''Patrice:''' Pre-cisely! Not long ago, when someone tried activating gems, they discovered that a certain wondrous resonance could occur between special types of gems.
:'''Patrice:''' These gems were thus named "Vibro-Crystals."
:'''Patrice:''' When the Transmitter Crystal half of the Vibro-Crystal set has been stimulated in a certain way, it will release a certain energy that will trigger a resonance with the Receiver Crystal half.
:'''Patrice:''' The two energies from the Vibro-Crystals will stack and multiply one another many, many times over! I've called this resonance type "harmonics."
:'''Patrice:''' At the moment, I have reached a critical stage in my work: which is verifying my hypothesis of these "harmonics."
:{{DIcon}} I have a feeling...
:{{DIcon}} I've got it.
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon guesses that you'll need us to help you prove your theory by using the power of the Vibro-Crystals to defeat monsters and prove that the "harmonics" association occurs.
:'''Patrice:''' Exactly! Why, you're both quite bright, aren't you?
:'''Patrice:''' I've chosen a suitable area that has a great many steles in it mounted with Vibro-Crystal sets. Tell me once you're ready.
:'''Patrice:''' I will tell you precisely what needs to be tested. Just follow my instructions as you engage in battle, and we should be fine.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh. This really does seem like what we do all the time... Paimon almost feels kinda bored.
:{{DIcon}} Well, I'm interested...
::'''Paimon:''' You've beaten more super-strong opponents than you can count on both hands, so of course this sort of commission should be easy-peasy!
:{{DIcon}} Well, you're free to give it a shot, Paimon.
::'''Paimon:''' Uhhh, what? P&mdash;Paimon's just saying that it would be great if your adventures were all interesting and challenging... Paimon isn't complaining!
:'''Patrice:''' Ah, very impressive! Liyue truly is an excellent place, filled with high-quality ore and highly-reliable adventurers!
:'''Patrice:''' Ah, I suppose coming all this way to save material costs was the right decision after all.
:'''Patrice:''' I was originally most worried about having to run over budget, but I think I shall now retain 20% of my funds even after paying to commission you.
:'''Patrice:''' Once this is done, I shall use the remaining amount to hire a newswriter to publish my results. Always good to get the word out there, after all.
:'''Patrice:''' I can see it now! "Behold, Patrice's True Tale of the Vibro-Crystals!"
:'''Paimon:''' What? Seriously? That doesn't sound like the title of an academic essay at all!
:'''Patrice:''' Ah, but titles must be strange and bizarre to attract the eye of the public and bring in investment! When that happens, we can even discuss bonuses.
:'''Paimon:''' Bonuses? Paimon's not sure what you mean...
:''Patrice:''' Well, if the Vibro-Crystal Harmonics effect is used to create commercial products, I shall receive a share of the profit in royalties. And of course, some of my share shall go to you.
:'''Patrice:''' That said, this is contingent upon our research progress...
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, so that's how it is, huh? Alrighty, Paimon's excited now! It's fine, you can use whatever title you want!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon...
:{{DIcon}} You're salivating...
:'''Paimon:''' Whatever, (Traveler), let's get this done, and get it done quick!
:'''Paimon:''' After that, we can go discuss this "bonuses" thing with Mr. Patrice, hehe...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vibro-Crystal Projections
|zhs     = 振晶射影
|zhs_rm  = Zhèn Jīng Shèyǐng
|zht     = 振晶射影
|zht_rm  = Zhèn Jīng Shèyǐng
|zh_tl   = Vibrating Crystal Projections
|ja      = 振晶射影
|ja_rm   = Shinshou Shaei{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Vibro-Crystal Projections
|ko      = 진동 수정 투영
|ko_rm   = Jindong Sujeong Tuyeong
|ko_tl   = Vibration Crystal Projections
|es      = Irradiación resonante
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Irradiation du vibrocristal
|fr_tl   = Vibrocrystal Irradiation
|ru      = Резонанс кристаллов
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = การฉายแสงของผลึกสั่นสะเทือน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Pha Lê Phản Chiếu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Widerschein der Kristalle
|de_tl   = Reverberation of Crystals
|id      = Pancaran Kristal Resonansi
|id_tl   = The Radiance of Resonance Crystal
|pt      = Irradiação de Cristais Vibrantes
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}
[[pt-br:Irradiação de Cristais Vibrantes]]
[[ru:Резонанс кристаллов]]