{{Event Tabs
|subpage1 = Paper Shadows A-Foraging
|subpage2 = Joyful Beasts and Their Auspices
|subpage3 = Iridescent Cloud-Striding
|subpage4 = Friends at the Doorstep
}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image           = Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze Chapter.png
|type            = Story
|event_name      = Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze
}}
'''Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze''' is an Event Chapter.

Requirements: {{Quest|20;Song of the Dragon and Freedom|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

Recommended Quests: {{Quest|A New Star Approaches;A Thousand Moonlit Miles;"The Little Oceanid"|display=bullet|requirements=1}}

==Festive Affairs==
===List of Parts===
* Part I - [[The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices]]
* Part II - [[A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed]]
* Part III - [[The Glede Returns to the Pavilion]]
* Part IV - [[Hustle and Bustle]]

===Summary===
====Part I - The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices====
{{Transclude|The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

====Part II - A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed====
{{Transclude|A Cloud-Sea Appeal, a Brilliance Revealed|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

====Part III - The Glede Returns to the Pavilion====
{{Transclude|The Glede Returns to the Pavilion|Summary|main=1|top=1}}

====Part IV - Hustle and Bustle====
{{Main|Hustle and Bustle}}
With Lantern Rite over, the Traveler and Paimon decide to head to Qiaoying Village to hopefully run into [[Hu Tao]]. When they arrive at the village, they are distracted by shouts coming from a nearby mountain and investigate, discovering [[Navia]] and [[Clorinde]], the former responsible for all the shouting. Navia tells them that she was shouting from the mountain as others did so and did not want to disturb the locals, who were used to it. She also informs them that [[Furina]] had also come and thus why they were at the mountain, as she too was shouting from it but become embarrassed when discovered. Clorinde also tells them that even [[Neuvillette]] came, though he left after half a day. Clorinde had only come to accompany Navia and buy some tea for [[Wriothesley]] as she had lost a bet with him. Navia then reminds them that they weren't likely looking for them, thus they head down to the village to look for Hu Tao.

The Traveler and Paimon have a bet to see what Hu Tao and Zhongli were doing in the village and approach the three. Furina and Hu Tao are surprised to see the Traveler, where Hu Tao declares Furina one of her "esteemed" clients. Furina reveals that Hu Tao was helping her with some props for her next film, wanting to put a breath of fresh air in the film industry with horror stories from Liyue; running into Hu Tao and Zhongli were coincidence. Hu Tao states that it's thanks to a man who asked for directions. She is surprised to hear of his personality from the Traveler, though she remarks that he and Zhongli would have gotten along. Zhongli did not meet him, thus making the Traveler wonder if he was actively avoiding Neuvillette given their positions.

Furina then asks the Traveler to remind Neuvillette to take more time off work as Navia and Clorinde join in on the conversation. As night falls, the Fontanians decide to head back home. Clorinde asks Furina if she would like to be escorted back, which she initially declines, but is prompted to after being scared by Hu Tao. After asking where were the items they bought, Clorinde reveals that Neuvillette had taken everything with him on his way back to Fontaine. 

Heading into Fontaine, the Traveler and Paimon find Neuvillette standing behind the [[Opera Epiclese]]. Upon returning, Neuvillette gave the items Clorinde brought to Wriothesley and also handed him a stone slate engraved with the law as part of a joke about gifting him a legal codex as part of his attempt to join in on the banter. Wriothesley takes the items back down to the prison, while back in the present, Neuvillette enjoyed his trip to Qiaoying Village, particularly having had a sample of its waters directly at the source. He also gifts the Traveler what they interpret as a "ladle" as the Traveler passes Furina's advice to relax more, which he takes into consideration.

==Felicitous Festivities==
* [[Paper Shadow Ruminations]]
* [[Just Wushou Dance!]]
* [[Iridescent Cloud-Striding]]

==Character Appearances==
===Playable Characters===
The following [[playable characters]] appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world. The prerequisite(s) shown in the prerequisite column need to be completed for characters to appear in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Part I !! Part II !! Part III !! Part IV !! Open World !! Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Charlotte]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Furina]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Gaming]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Ganyu]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|spec}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Hu Tao]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|spec}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Keqing]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|spec}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Navia]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Neuvillette]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Qiqi]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|spec}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Shenhe]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Wriothesley]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} (flashback) || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Xianyun]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Xiao]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Yaoyao]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|spec}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Zhongli]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|}
{{check|spec}} &mdash; Appears in cinematic only

'''Note:''' The following playable characters don't make a clearly visible appearance, but can be very vaguely identified (debatable) in the cinematic in part III: [[Baizhu]], [[Beidou]], [[Chongyun]], [[Ningguang]], [[Xiangling]], [[Xingqiu]], [[Xinyan]], [[Yanfei]], [[Yelan]], [[Yun Jin]].

===Other Notable Characters===
The following notable non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Part I !! Part II !! Part III !! Part IV !! Open World !! Open World Prerequisite
|-
|[[Moon Carver]] (as Houzhang) || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Mountain Shaper]] (as Jiehu) || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Yip Tak]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Shuyu]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Clorinde]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || 
|}

===Event Exclusive Non-Playable Characters===
The following non-playable characters only appear during this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or in the open world.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Open World !! Notes
|-
|[[Charbonnier]] || {{check|yes|The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices}} || {{check|no}} || Appears in Part I
|-
|[[Fenglian]] || {{check|yes|The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices}} || {{check|no}} || Appears in Part I
|-
|[[Juanshu]] || {{check|yes|Iridescent Cloud-Striding}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze/Iridescent Cloud-Striding|Iridescent Cloud-Striding]]
|-
|[[Longzhou]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Appears in Part I, III
|-
|[[Wenxun]] || {{check|yes|Paper Shadow Ruminations}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze/Paper Shadows A-Foraging|Paper Shadows A-Foraging]]
|-
|[[Xiaqing]] || {{check|yes|Just Wushou Dance!}} || {{check|yes}} || Appears in Part I, III + NPC for [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze/Joyful Beasts and Their Auspices|Joyful Beasts and Their Auspices]]
|-
|[[Zhenyuan]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || Appears in Part I, III + NPC for Furnishings Shop (Celebratory Kite)
|-
|[[Zhigui]] || {{check|yes|The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices}} || {{check|no}} || Appears in Part I
|}

===Regular Non-Playable Characters===
The following regular (not event-exclusive) non-playable characters appear in this event in Event Story Quests, Event World Quests, or have unique idle quotes or dialogue in the open world.

{|class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Name !! Quests !! Open World !! Idle Quotes !! Notes
|-
|[[Andrei]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Bosu]] || {{check|yes|The Orioles Bask in Spring, the Heavens Present Auspices}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || Appears in Part I
|-
|[[Changchang]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Clerk Zhao]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Ferrylady]] || {{check|spec|The Glede Returns to the Pavilion}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || 
|-
|[[Granny Shan]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Hongyu (Liyue Harbor)|Hongyu]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Ivanovich]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Jiayi]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Kun]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Linlang]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Linling]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Manager Kuan]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Musheng]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Nadia (Liyue)|Nadia]] || {{check|spec|The Glede Returns to the Pavilion}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Nervous An]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Vlad]] || {{check|spec|The Glede Returns to the Pavilion}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || After Part III
|-
|[[Ying'er]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Yiran]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|[[Yong'an]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || 
|-
|}
{{check|spec}} &mdash; Appears in cinematic only

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze Soundtracks|type=quest}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[pt-br:Aves Vibrantes Voando na Brisa Primaveril/História]]
[[ru:Яркие птицы в весеннем небе/История]]