{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71513
|image         = Event Quest Vigilance at Sea.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = The Exquisite Night Chimes
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = Complete [[A Thousand Miles for an Enigmatic Tune]]
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Huixing
|startLocation = [[Sea of Clouds]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = 
|next          = 
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes/Vigilance at Sea|Vigilance at Sea]] subevent
}}
'''''Vigilance at Sea''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[The Exquisite Night Chimes]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Huixing]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|During Lantern Rite, Huixing, the navigator of the Crux fleet seems to be preparing for a unique training test...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Huixing)
;(If the player has not completed [[Setting Sail]])
::'''Huixing:''' Hello, (Traveler) and Paimon. Happy Lantern Rite!
::'''Paimon:''' Thank you! Paimon also wishes you well!
::{{DIcon}} Happy Lantern Rite!
::'''Paimon:''' Wait, how do you know us? Are you...
::'''Huixing:''' I'm Huixing, the navigator of the Crux fleet. I'm also responsible for fleet-related events for this Lantern Rite.
::'''Huixing:''' I heard about your stories from Captain Beidou. You guys are also brave heroes, how admirable!
::'''Huixing:''' If you have any questions about the Alcor, I will do my best to give you a detailed, thorough answer!
::'''Paimon:''' How nice!
::'''Paimon:''' We definitely want to know more about the Alcor, and if we're curious about anything, we'll definitely ask you.
::'''Paimon:''' In fact, this time, the Alcor has a lot of seaborne goods and decorations, and it's as bustling as in the city!
;(If the player has completed [[Setting Sail]])
::'''Huixing:''' Long time no see, (Traveler) and Paimon! Happy Lantern Rite!
::'''Paimon:''' Thank you, Huixing! Paimon also wishes you well!
::{{DIcon}} Happy Lantern Rite!
::'''Paimon:''' We've seen that the Alcor has a lot of seaborne goods and decorations, and it's as bustling as in the city!
:'''Huixing:''' Looking great, no? All of the decorations were handpicked by the Captain. She wanted her brothers and sisters on duty to feel like they were at home for the festival!
:'''Huixing:''' Not only that, before the Lantern Rite, the Captain gave each of us a bonus and organized several big feasts.
:'''Huixing:''' The food for every feast is ordered from reputable restaurants, such as the Wanmin Restaurant, which we always frequent, and Xinyue Kiosk and Liuli Pavilion.
:'''Huixing:''' Everyone ate and drank their fill!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to check those out, too!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, a bonus and a feast? That's great! Paimon had no idea that Beidou also had such an eye for detail!
:'''Huixing:''' Actually, the Captain has always been meticulously keeping the fleet's affairs in order.
:'''Huixing:''' Not only do we crew members get paid very well, but during past Lantern Rites, she's also prepared gifts for our families!
:'''Huixing:''' Before, the Captain got some business information from the Tianquan on how to improve management strategy for the Crux.
:'''Huixing:''' The revenue of the fleet has soared, so the Captain has also increased our pay. In this way, the crew will be in tip-top shape for any challenge.
:'''Huixing:''' When the new recruits hear about how well the Crux fleet treats its crew, they'll be extra motivated.
:{{DIcon}} Challenge?
:{{DIcon}} New recruits?
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? During Lantern Rite, shouldn't everyone be on vacation? You guys seem to be... working overtime.
:'''Huixing:''' It's not like that, don't worry!
:'''Huixing:''' The Captain has done all the research in advance. Some of the crew were given early leave, while the others were given days off later on.
:'''Huixing:''' Thus, everyone gets time off, and there will always be someone to man the Alcor!
:'''Huixing:''' I was among the group that got earlier vacation time, and I came back to my post completely refreshed! I'm currently getting ready for my training examination: "Vigilance at Sea."
:'''Paimon:''' Vigilant... what now?
:{{DIcon}} Is it a new challenge?
:{{DIcon}} Is it to do with the new recruits?
:'''Huixing:''' Yup! You guessed it!
:'''Huixing:''' During the past two years, the volume of seaborne trade in Liyue Harbor has been soaring, and many people have joined up as sailors.
:'''Huixing:''' Taking to the high seas is a matter of patience, bravery, and perception. These are highly demanded qualities. Sailors have to be well-trained in order to navigate safely.
:'''Huixing:''' In addition to obtaining the four major qualifications and the five minor qualifications, which total nine navigation-related qualifications stipulated by the Ministry of Civil Affairs, two years of maritime training and apprenticeship are also required.
:'''Paimon:''' Nine qualifications and two more years of training!? Holy mackerel!!
:{{DIcon}} That's so demanding!
:'''Huixing:''' It's no big deal. After all, it's far better to undergo rigorous training in preparation for work than to go out to sea and encountering an unpleasant surprise, unprepared.
:'''Huixing:''' The Ministry of Civil Affairs organizes most of the training courses. Anyone with a passable knowledge of sailing could coast by them. These subjects aren't too difficult.
:'''Huixing:''' Of course, some ships will also have to traverse dangerous waters, which will hopefully give them some experience.
:'''Huixing:''' Given the experience of the Crux fleet in dealing with rough sea situations, we and the Ministry of Civil Affairs have organized an intensive navigation training program.
:'''Huixing:''' Sailors who pass the training will get a "Deep Sea Navigation Qualification" certificate on completion, as well as some rewards prepared by the Ministry of Civil Affairs.
:'''Huixing:''' Considering I have the best knowledge of the surrounding waters, the Captain has tasked me with planning this training examination...
:'''Huixing:''' Wait a minute. Speaking of sailing, you two are pretty good with that Waverider, no? Do you guys want to give it a try?
:'''Huixing:''' If you don't mind, I would also like you guys to give me some feedback about this test, positive or negative. That way, I will be able to improve it in a timely manner!
:'''Paimon:''' Well, Paimon wants to see how much skill the crew needs to navigate the high seas...
:'''Paimon:''' And there's a bonus reward, too. It's a win-win for us!
:{{DIcon}} Let's give it a try!
:{{DIcon}} Let's experience what it's like to be a sailor!
:'''Huixing:''' Such vigor! Then I'll mark you guys down for the "Vigilance at Sea" examination. Please do your best!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vigilance at Sea
|zhs     = 烟海梭巡
|zhs_rm  = Yānhǎi Suōxún
|zht     = 煙海梭巡
|zht_rm  = Yānhǎi Suōxún
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 煙海巡廻
|ja_rm   = Enkai Junkai{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 해무 순찰
|ko_tl   = Sea Fog Patrol
|es      = Patrulla oceánica
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Vigilance en mer
|fr_tl   = Vigilance at Sea
|ru      = Морское патрулирование
|ru_tl   = Sea Patrol
|th      = ลาดตระเวนทางทะเล
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tuần Du Biển Sương
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Durch Nebel und Wellen
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Patroli di Lautan
|id_tl   = Patrol at the Ocean
|pt      = Vigilância no Mar
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Denizde Teyakkuz
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vigilanza in mare
|it_tl   = Vigilance at Sea
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[it:Vigilanza in mare]]
[[ru:Морское патрулирование]]