{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Vigneire.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Fontaine
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = Adventurers' Guild
|title            = 

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           =
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm0730895|Brianna Roberts]]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/VoicesByBri/status/1691842535268692177 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230816220934/https://twitter.com/VoicesByBri/status/1691842535268692177 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Vigneire''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the {{Quest|When All Return to the Waters}}.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Vigneire was originally a Fontainian woman who met [[Vacher]] and eventually fell in love with him. They decided on naming their child "Marcel", but during an underwater expedition, Vigneire touched water from the [[Primordial Sea]], resulting in her dissipating for reasons unknown. Vacher witnessed the event and tried to save her, but it was too late. While she did not regret having to have met him, she was unable to tell him to forget about her before she dissipated, resulting in a desperate Vacher kidnapping and dissolving women with the Primordial Water in an attempt to bring her back. Rather than truly dying, Vigneire's consciousness instead returned to the waters, taking on the form of an [[Oceanid]].

Vacher eventually took on the name Marcel, and started dissolving women in experiments to bring Vigneire back to life. When the first victim of Vacher's machinations arrived in the waters and merged with Vigneire's consciousness, she learned of the vile acts he was performing and became extremely disappointed and disgusted in him. More and more victims began to return to the waters and merged with Vigneire, who all wanted to kill Vacher for his actions. Vigneire knew that if he tried to see her, the others would surely kill him, so she hoped that he would forget about her; according to the victims, this was her final drop of pity for Vacher despite her newfound hatred for him.

After drinking spiked [[Fonta]] that Vacher had used in an attempt to dissolve [[Navia]], the [[Traveler]] returned to the [[Fountain of Lucine]], where they met with the merged consciousness. Learning that they were not Vacher, Vigneire's consciousness asked them to tell Vacher, if they saw him, to forget about her. Vacher's identity as Marcel would be exposed during a trial, after which he learned about her from them and sought to reunite with her at the fountain. When he arrived, he was instead greeted by the merged consciousness, who took their opportunity to get revenge by "drowning" his soul away, causing him to fall into madness and to die of "a massive fright" shortly after.

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Trivia==
* Vigneire is likely named after {{w|fr:Jeanne Viguière|Jeanne Viguière}}, the governess of {{w|Jean Calas}}, whose trial was similar to that of [[Callas]].
** The spelling "Vigneire" may have originated from a typo of her surname on the English Wikipedia page for Jean Calas that [https://en.wikipedia.org/w/index.php?title=Jean_Calas&diff=prev&oldid=1175077929 was fixed in September 2023].

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Vigneire
|zhs     = 薇涅尔
|zhs_rm  = Wēiniè'ěr
|zht     = 薇涅爾
|zht_rm  = Wéiniè'ěr
|ja      = ヴェニール
|ja_rm   = Veniiru
|ko      = 비녜르
|es      = Vigneire
|fr      = Vigneire
|ru      = Винье
|th      = Vigneire
|vi      = Vigneire
|de      = Vigneire
|id      = Vigneire
|pt      = Vigneire
|tr      = Vigneire
|it      = Vigneire
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}