{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Vikram.png
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Vahumana
|title            = 
|location         = None

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Vikram''' is a member of [[Vahumana]]<ref name="Baharak">{{Ref/NPC|Baharak}}</ref> who has been mentioned by several [[NPC]]s in [[Sumeru]] as one of the candidates for the Grand Conservator position, alongside [[Rifaet]]. Vikram's supporters believe his personable nature and charisma are what [[Sumeru Akademiya]] needs to maintain its prestige.
<!-- is a quest/event-exclusive NPC that appears in the [[(Chapter)]] Act I: [[(Quest)]].

Following a certain dialogue branch for the first time gives the player AMOUNT_AS_WORD [[Item]].

==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|hideaddbutton=true
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
{{Quote|Vikram is the obvious candidate for the next Grand Conservator. He's good at communicating, and will surely be able to strike a balance between the various schools of thought.|Shatir}}
Vikram is a charismatic and persuasive individual, and has managed to get funding for his research despite the Akademiya's increasingly limited funding for regular researchers and students.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Shatir}}</ref>

Vikram's research focuses on the [[Scarlet King]], and he is sponsoring [[Baharak]]'s adventure to the desert to find traces of the Scarlet King's kin. He also asked Baharak to seek out a woman named [[Gohar]] who lived in [[Caravan Ribat]] and pass on a message to her to meet him in [[Sumeru City]]. By the time Baharak arrived, however, she had already received a letter via [[Dusk Bird]] with the same message and left for the city.<ref name="Baharak" /><ref>{{Ref/NPC|Safie}}</ref>

<!--
===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} (Text)
:: {{A|VO {{subst:PAGENAME}} 01.ogg}} "(Text)"
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}
-->
==Trivia==
* According to a message on the [[Akademiya Public Message Board]], Vikram is married,<ref>{{Ref/BB|Akademiya Public Message Board|About Rifaet and Vikram}}</ref> and [[Hawad]] in [[Caravan Ribat]] says that [[Gohar]] traveled to Sumeru City to meet with her lover. Furthermore, a message on the [[Caravan Ribat Bulletin Board]] has its author refer to their lover as "learned and wise;"<ref>{{Ref/BB|Caravan Ribat Bulletin Board|A Lover's Message}}</ref> based on context clues from the NPCs in Caravan Ribat, this message was likely written by Gohar herself. This may suggest that Vikram and Gohar are lovers, although this cannot be confirmed based on current information.
* Vikram was previously said to belong to the [[Spantamad]] Darshan by the NPC [[Ziryab]] when he was first mentioned in [[Version/3.0|Version 3.0]],<ref name="Ziryab">{{Ref/NPC|Ziryab}}</ref> in contradiction with other characters who stated he belonged to Vahumana.<ref name="Baharak" /> This dialogue was corrected to say Vahumana in [[Version/3.3|Version 3.3]].<ref name="Ziryab" />

===Etymology===
* The name {{w|Vikram (name)|Vikram}} is derived from Sanskrit and is generally translated as "valorous."

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Vikram
|zhs     = 维克拉姆
|zhs_rm  = Wéikèlāmǔ
|zht     = 維克拉姆
|zht_rm  = Wéikèlāmǔ
|ja      = ヴィクラム
|ja_rm   = Vikuramu
|ko      = 비크람
|ko_rm   = Bikeuram
|es      = Vikram
|fr      = Vikram
|ru      = Викрам
|th      = Vikram
|vi      = Vikram
|de      = Vikram
|id      = Vikram
|pt      = Vikram
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}