{{About|the World Quest series|the Forest Adventure Journal chapter and its completion requirements|Aranyaka (Gadget)#V: Vimana Agama}}
{{Chapter Infobox
|image         = World Quest Vimana Agama First Chapter.png
|type          = World
|major         = yes
|region        = Sumeru
}}
'''Vimana Agama''' is a [[World Quest]] series in [[Sumeru]].

Requirement: {{Quest|The World of Aranara|display=fullSentence|requirements=1}}

==List of Quests==
# [[Vimana Agama: First Chapter]]
# [[Vimana Agama: Royinjan's Chapter]]
#* [[Royinjan's Chapter: Linga]]
#* [[Royinjan's Chapter: Yoni]]
# [[Vimana Agama: Jazari's Chapter]]
# [[Vimana Agama: Dev Delver Chapter]]

==Summary==
;Vimana Agama<nowiki>:</nowiki> First Chapter
[[Arama]] and [[Araja]] send the [[Traveler]] to find [[Ararycan]], who is investigating a "suspicious Nara" at [[Devantaka Mountain]] who may be linked to the incidents in [[Vimara Village]]. After meeting Ararycan, the Aranara explains that some kind of pollution is contaminating the forest around Devantaka Mountain. A strange person has also been lurking around the area of the contamination, and monsters have been gathering around the giant ruin machine at the mountain. The group enters the caves underneath Devantaka Mountain and meets the strange person, who turns out to be a [[Kshahrewar]] researcher named [[Jazari]]. Jazari explains that he has been authorized to study the giant ruin machine, a [[Ruin Golem (Devantaka Mountain)|Ruin Golem]] produced by [[Khaenri'ah]], and is not actually suspicious at all. He cannot perceive Ararycan, who explains to the Traveler that humans lose their ability to see the Aranara as they grow older and lose their "innocence."

The group consults Jazari about the pollution. Jazari believes it may be related to the Ruin Golem, which is missing its core; the core, its power source, was removed and sealed in [[Dev's Cavern]], but it is now leaking energy and contaminating the environment. The entrances to Dev's Cavern are blocked, but Jazari believes they can enter the Ruin Golem and use it to destroy the blockage. The door requires a key known as an [[Amiti Device]] to open, which he has discovered is owned by a merchant in [[Port Ormos]]. He requests the Traveler's aid, saying it will be mutually beneficial, since he also needs to enter the Golem for his research.

The group travels to Port Ormos and meets the merchant, [[Royinjan]]. They haggle with him to buy the device, but turn out only to have purchased a normal [[Chaos Core]]. After further explanation, Royinjan realizes they are talking about an artifact owned by his grandfather [[Hasad]], who was a renowned adventurer. He takes the group to Vimara Village, where he and his childhood friends may have kept the device.
----
;Vimana Agama<nowiki>:</nowiki> Royinjan's Chapter
At Vimara Village, Ararycan helps the Traveler remove the [[Vamadha]] blocking Royinjan's childhood hideout. The group enters the cave hideout and sees a large ruin machine part in the middle of the cave, which was moved there by Ararycan. The group finds Royinjan's old imitation [["The Ultra Invincible" Adventure Handbook|adventure handbook]] and one fragment of the Amiti Device, but cannot find the other two. Royinjan says that the locations of the fragments are in the handbook, but he no longer understands the writing. However, he says that [[Amadhiah]], who was his childhood friend, might be able to. The book also has a drawing of him, Amadhiah, and a third friend whom he cannot remember.

Amadhiah explains that he, Royinjan, and the other village children loved to play as pretend adventurers as children, but gave up and grew distant as they got older. Because of this, Royinjan ended up resenting Amadhiah since Royinjan thought he had more of a chance at success as an adventurer. Amadhiah marks the locations of the other device fragments and tells the Traveler to give Royinjan a [[Dried Flower]] which was in the notebook, and he also does not remember the third friend's identity. Ararycan finds the events they described to be familiar but does not know why.

After locating the other fragments, the Traveler tells Royinjan of their success and gives him the flower from Amadhiah. However, Royinjan reveals that the flower actually belonged to a third friend before returning to Port Ormos. The Traveler gives the flower to Ararycan, who was the third friend but no longer remembers any of it. Jazari manages to repair the Amiti Device using its fragments, and they leave for the Ruin Golem.
----
;Vimana Agama<nowiki>:</nowiki> Jazari's Chapter
Jazari, the Traveler, and Paimon enter the Ruin Golem. Jazari is excited to be able to pursue his research; he tells the group about his ambition to succeed [[Pir Kavikavus]], a historical Kshahrewar researcher who also studied Ruin Golems. He says that in order to reactivate the Ruin Golem, the Traveler will need to turn on a set of backup power relays to restore power to the main lift and reach the steering cabin of the Golem. Jazari stays to study the lower level of the Golem while the Traveler does so; when the relays are activated, the Traveler is confronted by and defeats [[Schwanenritter|Ynghildr]], a Khaenri'ahn knight who has now been cursed as an [[The Black Serpents|Abyssal creature]].

Jazari does not believe the Traveler when they mention the Khaenri'ahn knight. The group reactivates the Ruin Golem and tries to use it, but only end up moving its arm before the machine breaks down and the arm smashes the ground, reopening Dev's Cavern. Jazari thanks the Traveler and Paimon for their help, saying that he will stay behind in the Ruin Golem to continue his research (and offering to help them apply for a research project as well).
----
;Vimana Agama<nowiki>:</nowiki> Dev Delver Chapter
The Traveler and Paimon meet back up with Ararycan outside the Ruin Golem and descend into Dev's Cavern. The group finds [[Abyss Mage]]s and realizes that the [[Abyss Order]] is involved in the contamination. They find the Ruin Golem's Chaos Core in the depths of the cavern, confirming it to be the source of the filth, and see many Abyss Mages around the cave. The Traveler defeats the Abyss Mages and an [[Abyss Lector]] and are able to shut off the Chaos Core, cutting off the source of the pollution. Ararycan thanks the duo for their help and says that it will return to [[Vanarana (Subarea)|Vanarana]] for [[Festival Utsava]].

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Vimana Agama Chapter|type=Chapter}}

==Total Rewards==
{{Quest Rewards List|Vimana Agama Chapter Quests}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vimana Agama
|zhs     = 吉祥具书
|zhs_rm  = Jíxiáng Jùshū
|zht     = 吉祥具書
|zht_rm  = Jíxiáng Jùshū
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = ヴィマナ聖典
|ja_rm   = Vimana Seiten
|ja_tl   = Vimana Scriptures
|ko      = 비마나 경전
|ko_tl   = Vimana Scriptures
|es      = Vimana Agama
|fr      = Vimana Agama
|ru      = Вимана-агама
|th      = ตำราวิมานาคมะ
|th_rm   = Tamra Vimanagama
|th_tl   = Book of Vimana Agama
|vi      = {{tt|A-Hàm|阿含}} Vimana
|vi_tl   = Vimana Agama
|de      = Vimana-Agama
|de_tl   = Vimana Agama
|id      = Vimana Agama
|pt      = Vimana Agama
|tr      = Vimana Agama
|it      = Vimana Agama
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
[[Category:Sumeru Quests with Reputation Reward]]

[[es:Vimana Agama]]
[[vi:A-Hàm Vimana]]