{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Vinayak.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Kshahrewar
|title            = Kshahrewar Researcher

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Vinayak''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in [[Fulminating Sandstorm]].
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Thoughts==
{{Dialogue Start}}
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|Vinayak}}
:'''Vinayak:''' (The Wenutslayer Cannon isn't just a pretty face!)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completing [[The Culling of the Worms: Proposal]])
:'''Vinayak:''' Brave adventurer, are you ready to go collect those components?
:{{DIcon|Fulminating Sandstorm}} I'm ready.
::'''Vinayak:''' Excellent! In that case, I leave this matter in your hands.
::;(Starts the [[Fulminating Sandstorm#I: Proposal & Gathering|Proposal & Gathering]] event challenge)
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Vinayak:''' Alright then. Planning ahead is good for efficiency, after all. But don't end up like Shriya, ever planning but never executing.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completing [[The Culling of the Worms: Introduction]])
:'''Vinayak:''' Brave adventurer, are you ready now?
:{{DIcon|Fulminating Sandstorm}} I'm ready.
::'''Vinayak:''' Excellent, excellent! Then let us begin.
::;(Starts the [[Fulminating Sandstorm#II: Introduction & Testing|Introduction & Testing]] event challenge)
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Vinayak:''' Alright then. Planning ahead is good for efficiency, after all. But don't spend all your time planning and not executing, like some people.
::'''Shriya:''' Hey! What's that supposed to mean!? Are you itching for another debate? I'll prove you wrong, I will!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #3===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completing [[The Culling of the Worms: Body]])
:'''Vinayak:''' Brave adventurer, are you ready to operate the Wenutslayer Cannon?
:{{DIcon|Fulminating Sandstorm}} I'm ready.
::'''Vinayak:''' Alright! Sandstorm's whipping up now. Everyone to your positions!
::;(Starts the [[Fulminating Sandstorm#III: Body & Demonstration|Body & Demonstration]] event challenge)
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Vinayak:''' Alright then. Planning ahead is good for efficiency, after all. But don't spend all your time planning and not executing, like some people.
::'''Shriya:''' Hey! What's that supposed to mean!? Are you itching for another debate? I'll prove you wrong, I will!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #4===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completing [[The Culling of the Worms: Conclusion]])
:'''Vinayak:''' If Shriya's hypotheses are correct, this will be the Wenutslayer Cannon's most critical battle. Brave adventurer, are you ready?
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready.
::'''Vinayak:''' Alright then, let us begin! Let us prove to all of Sumeru that this cannon isn't just a pretty face!
::;(Starts the [[Fulminating Sandstorm#IV:Conclusion & Presentation|Conclusion & Presentation]] event challenge)
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Vinayak:''' Alright then. Planning ahead is good for efficiency, after all...
::'''Shriya:''' Huh. Is it just me, or has your attitude improved a little?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Dialogue Set #5===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After completing [[The Culling of the Worms: Ending]])
:'''Vinayak:''' ...Well, there are still some affected Wenut nearby. If you've got the time, please help take care of them.
:{{DIcon}} That's what I'm here for.
::'''Vinayak:''' Wonderful! Why, this is the best opportunity to test the full output of the Wenutslayer Cannon, if I do say so myself!
::;(Starts the [[Fulminating Sandstorm#V:Completion & Consummation|Completion & Consummation]] event challenge)
:{{DIcon}} Maybe next time.
::'''Vinayak:''' Sure. Just come to me when you have the time.
{{Dialogue End}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en        = Vinayak
|zhs       = 维纳亚克
|zhs_rm    = Wéinàyàkè
|zht       = 維納亞克
|zht_rm    = Wéinàyàkè
|ja        = ヴィナヤック
|ja_rm     = Vinayakku
|ko        = 비나약
|es        = Vinayak
|fr        = Vinayak
|ru        = Винаяк
|th        = Vinayak
|vi        = Vinayak
|de        = Vinayak
|id        = Vinayak
|pt        = Vinayak
|tr        = Vinayak
|it        = Vinayak
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Vinayak]]