{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = 
|image        = 
|type         = Families
|type2        = Mondstadt Clans
}}
'''Vind's family''' ''(unofficial name)'' is an unnamed clan in [[Mondstadt]] which has been keeping watch for storms at [[Stormbearer Point]] for at least a thousand years. It appears that most female descendants in this family have also been members of the [[Church of Favonius]], including one current-day member, [[Vind]].

==History==
After the fall of the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]] at the hands of [[Vennessa]], Vind's family was tasked with keeping a lookout for storms, and Vind describes her family as part of the "minority of people [who] must make great sacrifices" so the rest can live peacefully. That said, since "those days," [[Barbatos]]' gentle winds over Mondstadt means none have seen a true storm in many generations.<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Vind}}</ref>

Vind's family is referenced in [[Venti]]'s tale about a certain poet. The poet played for the sea, hoping to evoke a response from it. At first, the sea gave no response, although it "brought the omen of a storm." While it eventually responded, this response is not detailed; rather, the story goes on to talk about how a sentry was posted on the clifftops to watch for storms, while the Sister keeping watch applauded the poet's performance.<ref>Wind Glider: [[Wings of Shimmering Galaxy]]</ref>

==Known Members==
*[[Vind]]

==Trivia==
*[[Priscilla]] may have been part of this family, as she was keeping watch at Stormbearer Point to warn [[Eberhart]] if anyone uncovered his plans to overthrow the aristocracy.<ref>{{Ref/HEO|Ragged Records}}</ref> She would either have predated, or was the first to receive, the orders to keep watch for storms, as Eberhart lived in the same generation which saw the aristocracy overthrown by Vennessa.

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[fr:Famille de Vind]]