{{About|the instrument obtained in [[Sumeru]]|the instrument obtained in [[Mondstadt]]|Windsong Lyre}}
{{Item Infobox
|id          = 220066
|image       = Item Vintage Lyre.png
|type        = Gadgets
|invCategory = Gadgets
|group       = Music Gadgets
|quality     = 4
|effect      = Use this traditional instrument from [[Mondstadt]] to play songs.
|description = A vintage lyre borrowed from [[Amadhiah]] in [[Vimara Village]].<br>Mondstadt has a long-standing tradition of poetry and song. Bards from there tend to address their instruments as "Friend" or "Partner." Thus, one of them trusting Amadhiah with the instrument was nothing less than a gesture of intimacy and trust, and its passage into your hands must also be a gesture of faith and acknowledgment.<br>As Amadhiah puts it, the person who originally gave him this lyre has already disappeared into the forest.
|reusable    = Yes
|usage       = Quick Use
|memento     = 
|source1     = [[The World of Aranara]]
}}
'''Vintage Lyre''' is a [[gadget]] that can be obtained during the {{Quest|The World of Aranara}}. Throughout the {{Quest|Aranyaka}}, more songs will be unlocked along with new functionality.

The lyre has a {{w|range (music)|range}} from C3 to B5. It has flats according to C {{w|Dorian mode#Modern Dorian mode|Dorian}} for the bottom and middle rows (C3 to B4 with flats on E3, B3, E4, and B4) and C {{w|Phrygian mode#Modern Phrygian mode|Phrygian}} for the top row (C5 to B5 with flats on D5, E5, A5, and B5). Notes are labeled with {{w|solfège}} syllables rather than note names, with C as ''do''. Multiple notes can be played simultaneously, but notes cannot be held, as expected of a plucked instrument.

==Usage==
Like other [[Music Gadgets]], the Vintage Lyre can be used to play music. In addition, playing particular songs unlocked by the Aranyaka quest series can activate multiple [[Exploration]] mechanics in [[Sumeru]]. If the player has not unlocked the required song, then the "Aranara Score not yet mastered..." will appear.

{| class="wikitable"
! Song !! Unlock Requirement !! Effect
|-
| Rhythm of the Great Dream || Complete ''[[The World of Aranara]]'' ||
* Switch between versions of [[Vanarana (Subarea)|Vanarana]] and the [[Grove of Dreams]] when played at a [[Silapna]]
* Awaken [[Phantasmal Gate]]s
* Interact with [[Music-Loving Aranara]]s in the overworld
|-
| Rhythm of Vamadha || Progress through ''[[Vimana Agama: Royinjan's Chapter]]'' || Activate [[Vamadha]]
|-
| Rhythm of the Gloomy Path || Progress through ''[[The Rhythm that Leads to the Gloomy Path]]'' || Awaken [[Gloomy Path]]s
|-
| Rhythm of the Beastly Trail || Progress through ''[[The Rhythm that Reveals the Beastly Trail]]'' || Cause certain obstacles near [[Claustroflora]] to disappear
|-
| Rhythm of the Sprout || Progress through ''[[The Rhythm that Nurtures the Sprout]]'' || Summon [[Healthy Dendrograna]] near [[Sprouting Branches]] used to revive [[Valaya]]
|-
| Rhythm of the Source Water || Complete ''[[A Prayer for Rain on the Fecund Land]]'' || Change the weather in the [[Apam Woods]] near [[Varuna Contraption]]
|-
| Rhythm of Revival || Complete ''[[Starry Night Chapter]]''|| Repair broken [[Elemental Monuments]]
|}

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|The power of music...; Strange Arch...; Rhythm of Revival; Rhythm of Vamadha; Rhythm of the Gloomy Path; Rhythm of the Beastly Trail; Rhythm of the Sprout; Rhythm of the Source Water; Rhythm of the Great Dream}}

==Disclaimer==
There is a disclaimer in-game regarding the use of the lyre:
:When using the Performance function, please make sure that you use an original composition or have the relevant rights to use the melody you are playing in order to avoid harming the rights of any third parties and to avoid any actions in breach of or incompatible with our Terms of Service. Otherwise, we may have to restrict your use of this function.<br>Additionally, the content you perform can be heard and used by other players using this in-game function. Please read and confirm that you acknowledge the aforementioned stipulations.

==Trivia==
* The solfège syllables are incorrectly labeled for the notes with flats, as {{w|Solfège#Minor|do-based minor}} uses chromatic solfège syllables for the notes that are different from those of the major scale. The correct syllables are:
** Top row: ''do '''ra''' '''me''' fa so '''le''' '''te'''''
** Middle row: ''do re '''me''' fa so la '''te'''''
** Bottom row: ''do re '''me''' fa so la '''te'''''
* The lyre utilizes three clefs (or pitches) and two Indian {{w|raga}}s (frameworks) for the scale. The treble clef uses the {{W|Bhairav (raga)|Raag Bhairav}} structure and the alto/bass clefs uses the {{W|Kafi (raga)|Raag Kafi}} structure. The Raag Bhairav is a morning raga that is said to be the first raga to originate from the mouth of {{W|Shiva|Lord Shiva}} . The Raag Kafi is known as the {{W|Bhairavi}} (Kundalini, mother goddess/coiled snake) of night and is suitable for songs of both separation and union.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vintage Lyre
|zhs     = 老旧的诗琴
|zhs_rm  = Lǎojiù de Shīqín
|zht     = 老舊的詩琴
|zht_rm  = Lǎojiù de Shīqín
|zh_tl   = Old Lyre
|ja      = 古びたライアー
|ja_rm   = Furubita Raiaa
|ja_tl   = Old Lyre
|ko      = 낡은 하프
|ko_tl   = Old Harp
|es      = Lira antigua
|es_tl   = Old Lyre
|fr      = Lyre ancienne
|fr_tl   = Old Lyre
|ru      = Старинная лира
|ru_tl   = Old Lyre
|th      = พิณเก่าแก่
|th_rm   = Phin Kao-kae
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đàn Cổ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Alte Leier
|de_tl   = Old Lyre
|id      = Vintage Lyre
|pt      = Lira Antiga
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Klasik Lir
|tr_tl   = Classic Lyre
|it      = Lira vintage
|it_tl   = Vintage Lyre
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Gadget Navbox}}

[[es:Lira antigua]]
[[fr:Lyre ancienne]]
[[ja:古びたライアー]]
[[ru:Старинная лира]]
[[vi:Đàn Cổ]]