{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = VIP Ace Detective
|image             = VIP Ace Detective.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2023-11-06 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-11-12 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/113483
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20231103furina/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
|characters        = Caron; Eloffe; Furina; Menthe; Veta
}}
{{Description|As far as Lady Furina is concerned, taking the stage to give an exciting performance in person is perhaps a more appealing prospect than sitting back and watching as the daily farce plays out.}}
'''VIP Ace Detective''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.2]].

==Event Duration==
November 6, 2023 12:00 – November 12, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, investigate scenes and collect clues. Help Furina finish shooting a detective movie and uncover the truth behind what really happened to obtain in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, investigate scenes and collect clues by following the prompts. Help Furina finish shooting a detective movie and uncover the truth behind what really happened to obtain in-game rewards.
# After you've finished investigating the case, you'll be able to choose an image to share and save it as an event-exclusive wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
Help Furina finish shooting a detective movie and uncover the truth behind what really happened to obtain Primogems, Character Ascension Materials, and other in-game rewards.
{{Card List|delim=;|show_caption=1|Primogem*40;Varunada Lazurite Fragment*3;Mora*20,000;Mystic Enhancement Ore*2}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpaper is not available after the event ends. Please save it in time.
# After helping Furina uncover the truth behind what really happened, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = VIP Ace Detective
|zhs     = 特邀「名侦探」
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 特邀「名偵探」
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = スペシャル“名探偵”
|ja_rm   = Supesharu "Meitantei"
|ja_tl   = Special "Great Detective"
|ko      = 「명탐정」<->의 특별 추리
|ko_tl   = Special Deduction of a "Great Detective"
|es      = Una invitación a la mejor detective
|es_tl   = An Invitation to the Best Detective
|fr      = Une célèbre détective est sur l'affaire
|fr_tl   = A Famous Detective Is on the Case
|ru      = Приглашённый Знаменитый детектив
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = "นักสืบชื่อดัง" รับเชิญ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thám Tử Đặc Biệt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Sondergast „Meisterdetektivin“
|de_tl   = Special Guest "Master Detective"
|id      = Tamu Spesial "Detektif Terkenal"
|id_tl   = Special Guest "Famous Detective"
|pt      = Convite Especial para Detetive
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = VIP Usta Dedektif
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = La famosa investigatrice
|it_tl   = The Famous Investigator
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

[[fr:Une célèbre détective est sur l'affaire]]
[[pt-br:Convite Especial para Detetive]]
[[ru:Приглашённый Знаменитый детектив]]
[[vi:Thám Tử Đặc Biệt]]