{{About|the historical character|the artifact set|Viridescent Venerer}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = Viridescent Venerer Equipment Card.png
|deceased         = Slain by the [[Bloodstained Knight]]
|title            = The Viridescent Venerer
|title2           = Queen of Hunters
|region           = Sumeru
}}
'''Viridescent''', also known as the '''Viridescent Venerer''' and the '''Queen of Hunters''', was a figure who lived five hundred years ago during the [[cataclysm]].<ref name="VV">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Viridescent Venerer}}</ref><ref name="VH">{{Ref/Weapon|The Viridescent Hunt}}</ref>

She was the original wielder of [[The Viridescent Hunt]] and later, [[Hunter's Path]]. The artifact set [[Viridescent Venerer]] focuses on her, and her story is expanded on in some pieces of the artifact set [[Deepwood Memories]].

==Profile==
Viridescent, the Queen of Hunters, was among notable figures who fought against the [[Abyss]]al monsters that invaded [[Teyvat]] during the cataclysm after the fall of [[Khaenri'ah]]. She was brought into the conflict after slaying the monster that had mortally wounded a blind, dying boy. Taking up his last request to enact revenge on the monsters in his place, she abandoned her former way of life and became a feared monster hunter.<ref name="VV" />

==Story==
Viridescent was orphaned at a young age and was raised in the woods by the lord of the forest, who taught her how to live with nature and how to hunt. She killed solely for the sake of survival and believed that at the end of her life, as long as she abided by the natural order, she would one day arrive at an endless viridescent plain.<ref name="VH" /> Having been raised away from human society, Viridescent was unable to speak human language, but was particularly astute at blending in with nature.

Viridescent's way of life was interrupted by the cataclysm. [[Greater Lord Rukkhadevata]] died during the disaster, causing the grass and the trees to "never speak again," while monsters of the Abyss began invading Teyvat.<ref name="VV" /> A certain blind boy got lost in the forest while pursuing the trail of his [[Bloodstained Knight|white-armored brother]].<ref name="Scholar">{{Ref/Arti|Scholar of Vines}}</ref><ref name="HP">{{Ref/Weapon|Hunter's Path}}</ref> The boy discovered a relic of the forest,<ref name="Scholar" /> a bow made with white branches now known as Hunter's Path. However, he was fatally injured by the monsters and Viridescent encountered him as he lay dying. For the first time, she killed not for survival, but as revenge for what they had done to him.<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Viridescent Arrow Feather}}</ref> At his request, she embarked on the path of vengeance against the monsters and the suffering they caused.<ref name="VV" /><ref name="HP" />

Having departed from the hunter's rule of killing only for the sake of survival and not for mortal reasons such as justice or revenge, Viridescent believed she would no longer be able to enter the endless plain at the end of her life. However, she remained undeterred and continued her path of vengeance, though she left behind her original bow, The Viridescent Hunt, so it would not be tainted by her quest.<ref name="VH" />

During her quest to slay monsters, Viridescent underwent [[erosion]], forgetting about her original reason for fighting and even the blind boy himself. Tainted by the black blood of the beasts she slew,<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Labyrinth Wayfarer|quote=There was one who remained and walked between the trees, eventually forgetting time itself amidst the hunt for wild beasts, becoming drenched in black blood.}}</ref> she became more and more beastlike herself. The [[Bloodstained Knight]] eventually found her on his westward journey and, seeing her as a monster, killed her.<ref name="HP" />

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Viridescent<!--all transcripts from [[The Viridescent Hunt]], other mentions seem to refer to her title rather than her name-->
|zhs     = 薇瑞迭瑟恩
|zhs_rm  = Wēiruìdiésè'ēn
|zht     = 薇瑞迭瑟恩
|zht_rm  = Wéiruìdiésè'ēn
|ja      = ヴィリデセルン
|ja_rm   = Virideserun
|ko      = 뷔엘데센트
|ko_rm   = Bwi'eoldesenteu
|es      = Veridiscente
|fr      = Verdésienne
|ru      = Веридисцент
|th      = Verdesian
|vi      = Viridescent
|de      = Viridescent
|id      = Viridescent
|pt      = Viridescent
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[fr:Verdésienne]]
[[pt-br:Caçadora Verde Esmeralda]]
[[th:Verdesian]]