{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Viridescent Venerer's Determination.png
|set   = Viridescent Venerer
|piece = Sands of Eon
}}
{{Description|A wondrous instrument that a hunter once wore. It forever points towards their prey.}}
'''Viridescent Venerer's Determination''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Viridescent Venerer]].

==Description==
A delicate device used for wayfinding.

Legend has it that when the Viridescent Venerer walked barefoot on the fields,<br>the grass beneath her feet would tell her what the birds in the trees could see,<br>and the mud she trod on would tell her what the roots in the earth could hear.

But it is said that ever since disaster struck, the grass and trees never spoke again.<br>For the [[God of the Woods]] had died in the disaster.<ref group="Note">In the original Chinese description, it says "ever since disaster ''descended upon the ancient kingdom''," which was excluded from the English translation. The following sentence also says the God of the Woods "died together with the disaster," with the implication that the God of the Woods was in the ancient kingdom during the disaster.</ref>

Since then, she relied on this device for direction when hunting.<br>At the request of a boy she encountered, she ceased hunting birds and beasts.<br>Instead, she made the monsters that brought destruction and suffering her prey.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Viridescent Venerer's Determination
|zhs      = 翠绿猎人的笃定
|zhs_rm   = Cuìlǜ Lièrén de Dǔdìng
|zht      = 翠綠獵人的篤定
|zht_rm   = Cuìlǜ Lièrén de Dǔdìng
|zh_tl    = Emerald Green Hunter's Composure
|ja       = 緑の狩人の決心
|ja_rm    = Midori no Karyuudo no Kesshin
|ja_tl    = Green Hunter's Determination
|ko       = 청록색 사냥꾼의 확신
|ko_rm    = Cheongroksaek Sanyangkkun-ui Hwaksin
|ko_tl    = Blue-Green Hunter's Conviction
|es       = Serenidad de la Cazadora Verde Esmeralda
|es_tl    = Serenity of the Emerald Green Huntress
|fr       = Détermination de la Verte Chasseuse
|fr_tl    = Determination of the Green Huntress
|ru       = Решимость изумрудного охотника
|ru_tl    = Emerald Hunter's Determination
|th       = Viridescent Venerer's Determination
|vi       = Thời Gian Của Thợ Săn
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Gelassenheit des Feldjägers
|de_tl    = Composure of the {{w|Feldjäger}}
|id       = Viridescent Venerer's Determination
|pt       = Determinação do Caçador Verde
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Yeşil Gölge Kararlılığı
|tr_tl    = Green Shadow Determination
|it       = Determinazione della Cacciatrice smeraldo
|it_tl    = Determination of the Emerald Huntress
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Viridescent Venerer}}

[[fr:Détermination de la Verte Chasseuse]]
[[ja:緑の狩人の決心]]
[[tr:Yeşil Gölge Kararlılığı]]
[[uk:Впевненість смарагдової мисливці]]
[[vi:Thời Gian Của Thợ Săn]]
[[zh:翠綠獵人的篤定]]