{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Viridescent Arrow Feather.png
|set   = Viridescent Venerer
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|The fletching of an arrow that once pierced right through its prey, but somehow still remains spotless.}}
'''Viridescent Arrow Feather''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Viridescent Venerer]].

==Description==
A glossy and shining feather of a falcon. It once served as a fine fletching on one of the Viridescent Venerer's arrows.

In the past, when the Viridescent Venerer's arrow hit its target,<br />she would come down and stroke the fur of her prey gently until its life force returned to nature in peace.<br />For she knew that one day, she too would embark on a journey to the place where the souls of her prey rested.

The Viridescent Venerer believed that at the end of her life, she would wake up from reality,<br />and be reunited with the departed at an endless hunting ground.

But she also believed that the moment her arrow pierced through the monster that had killed the boy,<br />that endless hunting ground at the end of her life was gone from her grasp.<br />For she killed that mutated monster not for the sake of survival,<br />but out of vengeance and suffering.<ref group="Note">The original Chinese description elaborates that she believes she will never reach the fenceless range because she listened to the boy's request and took his place in hunting down monsters to avenge those who suffered because of them. It isn't the act of saving him that determined her fate, but her decision to enact revenge on his behalf.</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Viridescent Arrow Feather
|zhs     = 猎人青翠的箭羽
|zhs_rm  = Lièrén Qīngcuì de Jiànyǔ
|zht     = 獵人青翠的箭羽
|zht_rm  = Lièrén Qīngcuì de Jiànyǔ
|zh_tl   = Hunter's Verdant Arrow Feather
|ja      = 狩人の青緑色の矢羽
|ja_rm   = Karyuudo no Seiryokushoku no Yabane
|ja_tl   = Hunter's Turquoise Arrow Feather
|ko      = 사냥꾼의 푸른 화살깃
|ko_rm   = Sanyangkkun-ui Pureun Hwasalgit
|ko_tl   = Hunter's Blue Arrow Feather
|es      = Pluma de la Cazadora Verde Esmeralda
|es_tl   = Feather of the Emerald Green Huntress
|fr      = Plume de flèche de la Verte Chasseuse
|fr_tl   = Arrow Feather of the Green Huntress
|ru      = Оперение стрелы изумрудного охотника
|ru_tl   = Emerald Hunter's Arrow Feather
|th      = Viridescent Arrow Feather
|vi      = Lông Vũ Xanh Của Thợ Săn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Feldjäger-Pfeilfeder
|de_tl   = Courier's Arrow Feather
|id      = Viridescent Arrow Feather
|pt      = Pena do Caçador Verde
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yeşil Ok Tüyü
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Piuma della Cacciatrice smeraldo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Viridescent Venerer}}

[[fr:Plume de flèche de la Verte Chasseuse]]
[[ja:狩人の青緑色の矢羽]]