{{About|the Event Quest|the [[Event]]|Vishaps and Where to Find Them}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70653
|title         = Vishaps and Where to Find Them
|image         = Adventurers' Guild Liyue.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Vishaps and Where to Find Them
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|next          = The Vishaps Lie Dormant, but the Enigma Lingers Still
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|characters    = Katheryne (Liyue); Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
}}
'''''Vishaps and Where to Find Them''''' is the starting [[quest]] for the [[Vishaps and Where to Find Them]] event.

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Katheryne]] in Liyue Harbor

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Recently, a lot of unusual phenomena have been occurring all over [[Liyue]]. According to some, they may be related to the monster depicted in ancient texts, [[Geovishap]]. Katheryne of Liyue [[Adventurers' Guild]] posted an urgent commission, calling adventurers to investigate irregularities.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque! Welcome, Adventurer. I've been waiting for your arrival.
:{{DIcon}} Have you been well, Katheryne?
::'''Katheryne:''' Thank you for your concern, I'm fine. However, the Guild is facing yet another emergency...
:{{DIcon}} Why, has something happened?
::'''Katheryne:''' Indeed, and it is an emergency.
:'''Katheryne:''' In the past few days, the Adventurers' Guild has received many eyewitness reports of Geovishaps.
:'''Katheryne:''' Up till recently, the only known Geovishap sightings were those recorded in ancient texts. No one know why they are suddenly making an appearance now.
:'''Katheryne:''' They look quite similar to Geovishap Hatchlings, but they are very aggressive and possess far more destructive power.
:'''Katheryne:''' During this time, many people are heading out to remote locations to sight-see and release lanterns. If they were to run into a Geovishap, the consequences would be dire indeed.
:'''Katheryne:''' Unfortunately for us, many adventurers have now gone to see their family and friends. As such, we're currently experiencing a severe shortage of staff.
:{{DIcon}} Have you tried asking the Millelith?
::'''Katheryne:''' They're facing the same situation as we are. Keeping the peace is a duty of equal importance to them, after all.
:{{DIcon}} Can we call for reinforcements from other Guild branches?
::'''Katheryne:''' Unfortunately, the situation in other branches is... somewhat complicated. We've received some backup, but it is far from enough.
:'''Katheryne:''' Considering your excellent performance recently, I feel that you are the only sensible choice for solving this particular issue.
:{{DIcon}} Fair enough, since it's an emergency.
:{{DIcon}} What do you need me to do?
:'''Katheryne:''' Thank you for agreeing to help. First, we need you to follow the trail of the Geovishaps and ascertain their whereabouts.
:'''Katheryne:''' I'm sure that you're familiar with the Guild's expedition system. I have organized leads we have regarding the Geovishaps into a similar format.
:'''Katheryne:''' Time is against us, so let's have a look.
:;(Opens up the expedition menu)
;(After closing the expedition menu)
:'''Katheryne:''' The key difference between these expeditions and the normal ones is that the Guild has already conducted some preliminary investigations. If we act on the information we've already gathered, we should be able to dramatically improve the efficiency of our work.
:'''Katheryne:''' The Guild will rank these expeditions based on the time required and the amount of risk involved. The higher the level, the greater the rewards.
:'''Katheryne:''' If we amass the intelligence gathered from these leads, I am confident that we will be able to pinpoint the whereabouts of the Geovishaps.
:{{DIcon}} Then we take them out, I presume.
:{{DIcon}} Combat is my strong point.
:'''Katheryne:''' Indeed. Ah, and one other thing &mdash; we will update the available intelligence daily. In the meantime, I will do all that I can to support you and your friends as you investigate.
:'''Katheryne:''' On that note, I shall leave the Geovishap investigation to you. Good luck. Ad astra abyssosque!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vishaps and Where to Find Them
|zhs     = 龙蜥寻踪
|zhs_rm  = Lóngxī Xún Zōng
|zht     = 龍蜥尋蹤
|zht_rm  = Lóngxī Xún Zōng
|zh_tl   = Searching for Traces of Dragon-Lizards
|ja      = ヴィシャップ追跡
|ja_rm   = Vishappu Tsuiseki
|ja_tl   = Vishap Pursuit
|ko      = 용 도마뱀의 행방
|ko_rm   = Yong Domabaem-ui Haengbang
|ko_tl   = Dragon-lizard's Whereabouts
|es      = Invasión de Dragartos
|es_tl   = Dragard Invasion
|es_note = {{es|Dragarto}} is a portmanteau of {{es|dragón|dragon}} and {{es|lagarto|lizard.}}
|fr      = Chasse au Géosaure
|fr_tl   = Geosaurus Hunting
|ru      = Вишапы и где они обитают
|ru_tl   = Vishaps and Where They Live
|th      = ตามล่าหา Vishap
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm Rồng Đất
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Drachenechsen und wo sie zu finden sind
|de_tl   = Dragon Lizards and Where to Find Them
|id      = Vishap dan di Mana Mereka Berada
|id_tl   = Vishap and Where They Are
|pt      = Rastros do Dragarto
|pt_tl   = Tracks of the Dragard
|pt_note = {{pt|Dragarto}} is a portmanteau of {{pt|dragão|dragon}} and {{pt|lagarto|lizard.}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ru:Вишапы и где они обитают (задание)]]
[[pt-br:Rastros do Dragarto (Missão)]]