{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Vishaps and Where to Find Them
|image             = Vishaps and Where to Find Them Event Announcement.jpg
|type              = In-Game
|type2             = Expedition
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-03-05 04:00:00
|time_end          = 2021-03-12 03:59:59
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/9039
|link2             = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/9077
}}
'''Vishaps and Where to Find Them''' is an [[event]] in [[Version 1.3]].

The [[Adventurers' Guild]] has collected much information on the dangerous [[Geovishaps]] in recent days. [[Katheryne]] of [[Liyue Harbor]] is currently commissioning adventurers to investigate further.

==Event Details==
===Requirements===
*[[Adventure Rank]] 20
*Complete [[Liyue]] [[Katheryne]]'s quest [[Vishaps and Where to Find Them (Quest)]]

===Duration===
*Gameplay Duration: 2021/03/05 04:00 - 2021/03/12 03:59
*Reward Collection Time: 2021/03/05 04:00 - 2021/03/15 03:59

===Summary===
In the "Vishaps and Where to Find Them" event, Katheryne will post eight different expedition commissions, referred to in the event as "investigations", each day from which Travelers can choose four to complete.

Unlike usual expeditions, Travelers can dispatch multiple characters in one investigation, with each additional character increasing the possibility of bonus rewards. Also, Travelers will be able to recruit one of their friend's characters as a supporting character.

As you progress through expeditions, you will unlock "On the Hunt" challenges to track down Geovishaps and confront them directly.

*During this event, Katheryne will release eight investigative expeditions for "Vishaps and Where to Find Them" every day, of which Travelers can choose four.

*There are a limited number of commissions per rank. One S-rank commission, two A-rank commissions, and five B-rank commissions will refresh each day.

*For each expedition, Travelers may enlist one character belonging to a friend as support. Supporting characters will increase the chance of obtaining additional rewards. Any character in a friend's Character Showcase may be selected as support.

*Characters cannot be simultaneously dispatched to both regular [[expeditions]] and "Vishaps and Where to Find Them" event expeditions.

==Investigations==
Complete four of eight possible investigations posted by Katheryne each day during the event. Each possible investigation is assigned a rank of S, A, or B. Higher ranks require longer time to complete and offer better rewards.

{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
! Rank !! Minimum Party Size !! Completion Time !! Guaranteed Rewards !! Possible Bonus Rewards
|-
| S || 2 || 12 hours || {{Card|Primogem|20|5}}
| {{Card|Hero's Wit|4|4}}
{{Card|Mora|40,000|3}}
{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8|3}}
|-
| A || 2 || 10 hours || {{Card|Primogem|15|5}}
| {{Card|Hero's Wit|3|4}}
{{Card|Mora|30,000|3}}
{{Card|Guide to Prosperity|2|3}}
{{Card|Guide to Diligence|2|3}}
{{Card|Guide to Gold|2|3}}
{{Card|Guide to Ballad|2|3}}
{{Card|Guide to Freedom|2|3}}
{{Card|Guide to Resistance|2|3}}
|-
| B || 2 || 8 hours || {{Card|Primogem|10|5}}
| {{Card|Hero's Wit|2|4}}
{{Card|Mora|20,000|3}}
{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4|3}}
{{Card|Debris of Decarabian's City|2|3}}
{{Card|Lustrous Stone from Guyun|2|3}}
{{Card|Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth|2|3}}
{{Card|Piece of Aerosiderite|2|3}}
{{Card|Chains of the Dandelion Gladiator|2|3}}
{{Card|Mist Veiled Mercury Elixir|2|3}}
|}

Unlike normal investigations, multiple characters can be assigned to one investigation, with each additional character increasing the possibility of getting the bonus reward.

{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
! Level !! Bonus Reward Chance
(Recommended Elements S / A / B)
! Bonus Reward Chance
(Other Elements S / A / B)
|-
| 1-20 || 12% / 16% / 20% || 6% / 8% / 10%
|-
| 21-40 || 24% / 32% / 40% || 12% / 16% / 20%
|-
| 41-50 || 30% / 40% / 50% || 15% / 20% / 25%
|-
| 51-60 || 36% / 48% / 60% || 18% / 24% / 30%
|-
| 61-70 || 42% / 56% / 70% || 21% / 28% / 35%
|-
| 71-80 || 48% / 64% / 80% || 24% / 32% / 40%
|-
| 81-90 || 54% / 72% / 90% || 27% / 36% / 45%
|}

* The multipliers for recommended elements are the max level categories' multiplied by 0.6× (S) / 0.8× (A) / 1.0× (B) respectively.
*Non-recommended elements are 50% of the chance of recommended elements.
*Although a maximum of 4+1 characters can be brought, the total bonus reward chance percentage of the characters will not exceed 100%.

<br />
==On the Hunt==
In the bottom-left corner of the "Vishaps and Where to Find Them" expeditions page, you will find the entry to the "On the Hunt" page, from which you can proceed to the Bounty. A marker will then appear on your map indicating the location of the Geovishaps. Go to the location and solve the puzzle to find the Geovishaps; defeat them to earn the corresponding rewards. Two Geovishaps will spawn after the puzzle is solved.
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
! Challenge !! Reward !! Recommended Elements
|-
| On the Hunt: I || {{Card|Hero's Wit|5|4}}
|{{Icon/Element|Cryo}}
|-
| On the Hunt: II || {{Card|Hero's Wit|5|4}}
|{{Icon/Element|Electro}}
|-
|On the Hunt: III
|{{Card|Hero's Wit|5|4}}
|{{Icon/Element|Hydro}}
|-
|On the Hunt: IV
|{{Card|Hero's Wit|5|4}}
|{{Icon/Element|Pyro}}
|}
==Battle Pass Missions==
{{Battle Pass Missions
|name     = Lantern-Lit Sky
|mission1 = {{Color|[Event]}} Dispatch characters to complete expeditions 16 times in Vishaps and Where to Find Them
|exp1     = 1,500
}}
==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Mora = 20,000
|Hero's Wit = 20
|Adventurer's Experience = 8
|sort = Mora,Hero's Wit,Adventurer's Experience
}}
The amount of the following rewards varies, depending on the Expeditions that were chosen. For a full list of possible rewards from expeditions see [[Vishaps and Where to Find Them#Investigations]] for more information.
{{Event Rewards
|sort = Primogem,Hero's Wit,Adventurer's Experience,Mystic Enhancement Ore,Guide to Resistance,Guide to Ballad,Guide to Prosperity,Guide to Diligence,Guide to Gold,Chains of the Dandelion Gladiator,Debris of Decarabian's City,Boreal Wolf's Cracked Tooth,Lustrous Stone from Guyun,Mist Veiled Mercury Elixir,Piece of Aerosiderite
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vishaps and Where to Find Them
|zhs     = 龙蜥寻踪
|zhs_rm  = Lóngxī Xúnzōng
|zht     = 龍蜥尋蹤
|zht_rm  = Lóngxī Xúnzōng
|zh_tl   = Searching for Traces of Dragon-Lizards
|ja      = ヴィシャップ追跡
|ja_rm   = Vishappu Tsuiseki
|ja_tl   = Vishap Tracking
|ko      = 용 도마뱀의 행방
|ko_rm   = Yong Domabaem-ui Haengbang
|ko_tl   = Whereabouts of Dragon-Lizard
|es      = Invasión de Dragartos
|es_tl   = {{Lex|Vishap|es}} Invasion
|fr      = Chasse au Géosaure
|fr_tl   = Geosaurus Hunting
|ru      = Вишапы и где они обитают
|ru_tl   = Vishaps and Where They Live
|th      = ตามล่าหา Vishap
|th_rm   = Tam La Ha Vishap
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Tìm Rồng Đất
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Drachenechsensuche
|de_tl   = Dragon Lizard Search
|id      = Vishap dan di Mana Mereka Berada
|id_tl   = Vishap and Where They Are
|pt      = Rastros do Dragarto
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ejderler Nelerdir, Nerede Bulunurlar?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Elementosauri e dove trovarli
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[pt-br:Rastros do Dragarto (Missão)]]
[[ru:Вишапы и где они обитают]]