{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Vision Hunt Decree.jpeg
|type         = Lore
|region       = Inazuma
}}
{{Quote|It seems that nobody has obtained an Electro Vision for a whole year now. [...] I've also heard it said that Inazuma's Electro Archon has proclaimed a "Vision Hunt Decree," which has aimed to confiscate the majority of all Visions from Vision wielders throughout Inazuma. Those who disobey and withhold their Visions will be punished severely...|[[Alrani]]}}

The {{Lang|'''Vision Hunt Decree'''|ja=目狩り令|ja_rm=Megari-rei}} was an order given one year prior to the current events of the game by [[Inazuma]]'s [[Electro]] [[Archon]], [[Ei]] (as the [[Raiden Shogun]]); and the [[Inazuma Shogunate]], to seize all [[Vision]]s within Inazuma's borders and inlay them upon the hands of a [[Statue of the Omnipresent God|statue of the Thousand-Armed, Hundred-Eyed God]]. The [[Tenryou Commission]], one of the [[Tri-Commission]], is responsible for executing the decree.<ref name="A Path Through the Storm ">{{Ref/Quest|A Path Through the Storm}}</ref> In [[Stillness, the Sublimation of Shadow]], it is the reason behind the [[Vision Hunt Ceremony]].

By Chapter II, Act II: [[Amidst Stormy Judgment]], 99 Visions had been seized, and as of Chapter II, Act III: [[The Omnipresent God]], these Visions have been returned to their owners.

==History==
The Vision Hunt Decree began as a [[Fatui]] plot to generate conflict to destabilize Inazuma and create a market for their [[Delusion]]s.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Delusion (Quest)}}</ref> They conspired with the [[Tenryou Commission|Tenryou]] and [[Kanjou Commission]]s, promising [[Kujou Takayuki]] their support and generous rewards if he enforced it; Takayuki, believing that the Fatui could not truly pose a threat to Inazuma, agreed, deceiving the [[Raiden Shogun]] into perpetuating the decree.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage}}</ref> [[Ei]], the Raiden Shogun's true identity, was aware of the Fatui's involvement but tacitly approved of the decree regardless, believing that the individual ambition that Visions represented would only cause loss and suffering and was incompatible with her ideal of eternity.<ref name="Ref/Quest|The Omnipresent God">{{Ref/Quest|The Omnipresent God}}</ref>

Those who serve the Shogun are seen as exceptions to the Decree so long as they remain useful: [[Kujou Sara]], the general of the [[Tenryou Commission]] and the Shogun's bodyguard/aide, remained in possession of her Electro Vision. On the other hand, [[Kurosawa Kyounosuke]], who worked with the Tenryou Commission, had his Vision seized after he was dismissed for "poor" performance.

The decree has stirred controversy across Inazuma. People who do not oppose the government but oppose the Decree have covertly created fake Visions as decoys. The [[Watatsumi Army]], which declared war against the Shogunate, consists of members who have lost or fear losing their Visions, as well as those who oppose the [[Sakoku Decree]] that was imposed at the same time as the Vision Hunt Decree. The resistance also helps hide those who are unwilling to fight the Shogun and her army. Those who lost their Visions to the decree began suffering from a loss of ambition, apart from [[Arataki Itto]] and [[Kuki Shinobu]], who were seemingly unaffected by the loss of their Visions.

Around the same time the Vision Hunt Decree began, Electro Visions ceased being bestowed upon anyone in Teyvat,<ref name="endless research">{{Ref/Quest|Endless Research}}</ref> although people in Inazuma continued to receive Visions.<ref name="ReferenceA">{{Ref/Quest|A Flower Blooms in a Prison}}</ref> The matter drew the attention of researchers at the [[Sumeru Akademiya]], who came to believe it was the will of the Electro Archon. However, Ei has denied responsibility and expressed surprise at this occurrence, stating that she is not responsible for the distribution of Visions.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Raiden Shogun|About the Vision}}</ref>

The instability in Inazuma caused by the Vision Hunt and Sakoku Decrees has caused even those without Visions to avoid Inazuma for fear of the danger in the region. One such person is [[Alrani]], who considered traveling there to research the decree, but decided against it after concluding that if those blessed with Visions are suffering, it could be even more dangerous for regular people,<ref name="endless research" /> which is confirmed by [[Atsuko]] and [[Bibo]]. Alrani later traveled to Inazuma anyway out of desperation for a research topic, as those related to Inazuma are less popular, and she realized that not having a Vision could be advantageous for conducting research in Inazuma.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|In Another Land}}</ref>

In the span of a year, 99 people have had their Visions seized. It is unknown if this includes the fake Visions.

After the [[Traveler]] defeated Ei in her realm by showing her the power of the seized Visions' aspirations, she agreed to repeal the decree. The seized Visions were also given back to their rightful owners, provided that they were still alive and/or their current location known.

==Confiscation Status==
===Seized===
* [[Arataki Itto]]
* [[Domon]]
* [[Iwakura Mitsunari]]
* [[Kuki Shinobu]]<ref>{{Ref/CS|Kuki Shinobu|Vision}}</ref>
* [[Kurosawa Kyounosuke]]
* [[Tejima]]
* Various members of the [[Watatsumi Army]]<ref name="Ref/Quest|The Omnipresent God"/><ref name="ReferenceA"/>

After the Vision Hunt Decree ended, all seized Visions were reclaimed or returned to their owners, provided they were still alive and in a position to receive their Visions.

===Attempted===
* [[Hanshirou]]
* [[Kaedehara Kazuha]]<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/ST5v7-C3iDk Character Teaser - "Kaedehara Kazuha: Moonlit Breeze"]</ref>
* [[Kazuha's friend]]<ref group="Note">The friend was killed, but his Vision was taken by Kazuha before it could be seized.</ref>
* [[Thoma]]
* [[Yoimiya]]

After the Vision Hunt Decree ended, those who illegally evaded seizure were presumably given amnesty or a pardon. For example, Kazuha's arrest warrant was repealed.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Palace, Dyed in Black (Quest)}}</ref>

===Unseized===
The following individuals in Inazuma are known to have retained their Visions seemingly without incident during the Vision Hunt Decree:
* [[Kamisato Ayaka]]
* [[Kamisato Ayato]]
* [[Kujou Sara]]
* [[Sayu]]
* [[Thoma]], prior to the Vision Hunt Ceremony
* [[Yae Miko]]

There are various reasons why these individuals could be seen in public with their Visions for a long period of time without being subjected to attempts at seizure:
* They are serving under the Shogun and enforcing her will, though this was proven to not serve as indefinite protection through the seizure of Kurosawa Kyounosuke's Vision.
* They are affiliated with a clan or organization with high social status, though this was proven to not serve as indefinite protection through the attempted seizure of Thoma's Vision.
* They have a personal relationship with the Raiden Shogun.

Based on the above, the following individuals are likely but unconfirmed to have retained their Visions without incident:
* [[Shikanoin Heizou]]

===Unknown===
It is unknown if any of the following individuals in the Watatsumi Resistance have been subjected to any attempt to take their Visions:
* [[Gorou]]
* [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]

Additionally, it is unknown when [[Kirara]] got her Vision, if she received it before the Vision Hunt Decree ended, and whether she was subjected to any attempts to seize it. It is known that [[Chiori]] had left Inazuma for [[Fontaine]] when the decrees were enacted, yet had no trouble worth mentioning with leaving Inazuma, indicating that she coincidentally moved just before the decrees were made into law and enforced. The fact that she received her Vision before she started packing to leave the next day would have meant that only her parents, at best, would have learned that she was now a Vision bearer.<ref>{{Ref/CS|character=Chiori|story=Vision}}</ref>

In the case of [[Yumemizuki Mizuki]], the decree would enter into effect while she was overseas in [[Natlan]], only returning to Inazuma the day before the attack on the [[People of the Springs]]. By then, the decree would no longer in effect.<ref>{{Ref/VO|character=Yumemizuki Mizuki|vo=Interesting Things}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|page=Home of the Hot Springs}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* This event parallels the confiscation of weapons from lower-class Japanese during what is referred to as a {{Lang|"{{w|Sword hunt}}"|ja=刀狩|ja_rm=katanagari}} throughout Japanese history.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vision Hunt Decree
|zhs     = 眼狩令
|zhs_rm  = Yǎnshòu-lìng
|zht     = 眼狩令
|zht_rm  = Yǎnshòu-lìng
|zh_tl   = Vision Hunt Decree
|ja      = 目狩り令
|ja_rm   = Megari-rei<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Confessions of an Outlander|note=Japanese Voice-Overs}}</ref>
|ja_tl   = Vision Hunt Decree
|ko      = {{tt|안수령|眼狩令}}
|ko_rm   = Ansu-ryeong
|ko_tl   = Eye Hunt Decree
|es      = Decreto de captura de Visiones
|es_tl   = Vision Capture Decree
|fr      = Décret de saisie
|fr_tl   = Decree of Seizure
|ru      = Охота на Глаза Бога
|ru_tl   = Hunt for the Eyes of God
|th      = คำสั่งล่าวิชั่น
|th_rm   = Kham sang la wichan
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lệnh {{tt|Truy|追}} Lùng Vision
|vi_tl   = Vision Hunt Decree
|de      = Augenhatz-Dekret
|de_tl   = Eye Hunt Decree
|id      = Dekrit Perburuan Vision
|id_tl   = Vision Hunt Decree
|pt      = Decreto de Caça à Visão
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Önsezi Avı Fermanı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Decreto di caccia alle Visioni
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|World}}

[[es:Decreto de captura de Visiones]]
[[ja:目狩り令]]
[[pt-br:Decreto de Caça à Visão]]
[[th:คำสั่งล่าวิชั่น]]
[[zh:眼狩令]]