{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Game Systems
}}
'''Voice-Overs''' (or '''Voicelines''') are voiced dialogue from [[Characters]]. Voice-Overs are available in English, Chinese, Japanese, and Korean.

The Voice-Over Files for each language can be downloaded and deleted from the [[Settings]] > Language > Manage Voice-Over Files Menu.

==Characters==
{{Main|Characters}}
All [[Playable Characters]] have Voice-Overs that can be accessed from Profile > Voice-Over in the [[Characters/Menu|Character Menu]].

Some voice-overs are unlocked once the character is obtained, but others require increasing the [[Friendship Level]] with that character or completing specific [[Quests]].

Characters also have [[Combat]], [[Exploration]], Idle, and [[Serenitea Pot]] Voice-Overs.

===General Unlock Requirements===
Certain types of voice-overs generally have the same unlock requirements for all characters. They are as follows:
* Upon character acquisition (Friendship Level 1, ascension phase 0): ''Chat'', weather, time of day greetings, some but possibly not all ''About (Character)'', some but not all ''About Us'', ''Interesting Things'', ''More About (Character) I'', character's ''Hobbies'', ''(Character)'s Troubles'', ''Favorite Food'', ''Least Favorite Food''
* Reach Friendship Level 2: &mdash;
* Reach Friendship Level 3: ''More About (Character) II''
* Reach Friendship Level 4: any ''About (Character)'' not already unlocked, ''About the Vision'', ''Something to Share'', ''About'' other characters, ''More About (Character) III''
* Reach Friendship Level 5: ''More About (Character) IV''
* Reach Friendship Level 6: another ''About Us'', ''More About (Character) V''
* Reach ascension phase 1: ''Feelings about Ascension: Intro''
* Reach ascension phase 2: ''Feelings about Ascension: Building Up''
* Reach ascension phase 4: ''Feelings about Ascension: Climax''
* Reach ascension phase 6: ''Feelings about Ascension: Conclusion''
* Login on the Traveler's birthday set by player: ''Birthday'' (also unlocks the line for all characters obtained afterwards without further action needed)

Some voice-overs require a higher Friendship Level than usual or have additional unlock requirements, such as completion of certain quests.

===Playing Conditions===
Apart from listening to characters' voice-overs in the Voice-Over menu, players can hear certain voice-overs while playing the game.
* Combat voice-overs are played when performing the corresponding combat actions.
** In previous versions, "Ally At Low HP" voice-overs could play when switching to a character from a character under 30% HP. This line currently does not play.
* Exploration voice-overs may play when performing the corresponding action, such as [[sprinting]], [[climbing]], and [[gliding]].
** "Joining Party" voice-overs do not play in [[Co-Op Mode]].
** "Disengaging Wind Glider" voice-overs currently cannot be triggered.
* An "Opening Treasure Chest" voice-over plays at random upon opening a [[chest]].
** This does not occur in [[Domains]].
* "Chat" and idle voice-overs play at random when the character has been standing without moving for a while outside of combat.
* Weather voice-overs play when the area the character is in changes to the corresponding [[Weather]], whether due to movement or no movement.
** "After the Rain" plays when the weather changes from rain or a thunderstorm to sunny weather. This takes priority over "When the Sun Is Out."
** "When the Sun Is Out" plays when the weather changes from any non-sunny weather to sunny weather between sunrise and sunset. It may also play upon sunrise.
** There is no known trigger for the "When It's Windy" and "When the Wind Is Blowing" voice-overs.
* "More About" voice-overs are played if the character is the active character when their Friendship Level increases such that they unlock a "More About" voice-over.
* "Feelings about Ascension" voice-overs are played in the Character Menu once a character's ascension level increases to one that unlocks a "Feeling about Ascension" voice line.

==Quests==
{{Main|Quests}}
All characters involved in [[Archon Quests]] and most [[Story Quests]] have voiced dialogue, while some [[World Quests]] do as well.

Voice-Overs from Archon and Non-Event Story Quests can be replayed in the [[Archive]] > Travel Log.

==Trivia==
* As of [[Version 2.7]],<!-- needs version because this could easily change as more characters are released --> playable characters generally talk about 7 to 12 other characters in their ''About (other character)'' lines. Some characters have two voice-overs for one or two characters.
** Diona has a voice-over for her father, [[Draff]], and Qiqi has a voice-over for [[Dusky Ming]]. They are the only characters to have voice-overs for known [[NPCs]].<!-- might need different wording, but this bullet needs to exclude characters like Varka, Skirk, etc. -->
** Amber has two voice-overs about each of Jean, Lisa, and Kaeya. She is the only character to have multiple voice-overs for more than two characters.
** Keqing has three voice-overs about Ningguang. She is the only character to have more than two voice-overs about the same character.
** Most of the characters spoken about are officially from the same nation as the speaker. The following characters talk about characters from [[Teyvat#Major Nations|regions]] different from their official region:<!-- alphabetical order by the character with the voiceline; for pairs, alphabetical order by whichever character in the pair comes first alphabetically; updated through Version 2.7 (newest character: Kuki Shinobu) -->
{| class="fandom-table sortable"
! Character !! Talks About !! Reason !! Reciprocated?
|-
| [[Albedo]] || [[Xingqiu]] || Albedo is the illustrator for Xingqiu's novel, ''A Legend of Sword''. || Yes
|-
| [[Beidou]] || [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] || Beidou took Kazuha aboard The Crux when he was fleeing from Inazuma. || Yes
|-
| [[Diona]] || [[Xiangling]] || The two are a prodigious chef (Xiangling) and mixologist (Diona) who wanted to glean advice from each other. Meeting Diona was one of Xiangling's reasons for visiting Mondstadt. || Yes
|-
| [[Eula]] || [[Yanfei]] || Eula once saved Yanfei while tracking down dangerous cargo packaged by the Abyss Order, and the two became friends afterwards. || Yes
|-
| [[Gorou]] || [[Beidou]] || Beidou was hired to fight for the [[Watatsumi Army]]. || No
|-
| [[Kamisato Ayato]] || [[Ningguang]] || Both are in positions of power in their countries, and Ayato also has a limited-edition copy of Liyue Millennial. || No
|-
| [[Keqing]] || [[Venti]] (as The Anemo Archon) || Keqing looked at how other Archons rule their nations and is baffled by the way the Anemo Archon rules (or doesn't rule) over Mondstadt. || No
|-
| [[Kuki Shinobu]] || [[Yanfei]] || Kuki Shinobu was an exchange student in Liyue studying law. || Yes
|-
| [[Ningguang]] || [[Jean]] || As representatives of their respective nations, Ningguang and Jean maintain correspondence. || No
|-
| colspan="2"|[[Raiden Shogun]] (Ei), [[Venti]], and [[Zhongli]] (Morax) (as Baal, Venti, and Morax) || They are fellow [[Archon]]s. || Yes (all 3)
|-
| [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]] || [[Beidou]] || Kokomi hired Beidou to fight for the [[Watatsumi Army]]. || No
|-
| [[Tartaglia]] || [[Skirk]] || Skirk taught Tartaglia how to fight and how to survive in the Abyss. || Unknown
|-
| [[Tartaglia]] || [[Varka]] || Tartaglia loves fighting strong opponents and would love to fight Varka. || Unknown
|-
| [[Tartaglia]] || [[Zhongli]] || Tartaglia was in Liyue while Zhongli was planning to test if Liyue still needed its Archon. Zhongli incorporated the Harbinger into his plans. || Yes
|-
| [[Thoma]] || [[Beidou]] || They are trade partners.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Setting Sail}}</ref> || No
|-
| [[Thoma]] || [[Eula]] || Thoma used to live in Mondstadt. || No
|-
| [[Thoma]] || [[Jean]] || Thoma used to live in Mondstadt. || No
|-
| [[Xiao]] || [[Venti]] || In the past, Venti saved Xiao from succumbing to karmic debt.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Xiao|5}}</ref> || No
|-
| [[Yae Miko]] || [[Ganyu]] || As relatively high-ranked people in their respective nations, they often met to maintain international relations. || No
|-
| [[Yelan]] || [[Tartaglia]] || Tartaglia unknowingly made Yelan's life easier by exposing the fraud of the previous owner of [[Yanshang Teahouse]]. || No
|-
| [[Yoimiya]] || [[Beidou]] || Beidou has been helping Yoimiya to ship fireworks out of Inazuma ever since the [[Sakoku Decree]] was implemented. || No
|-
| [[Yoimiya]] || [[Klee]] || The [[Traveler]] tells Yoimiya (off-screen) about Klee, who is also good at making explosives. || No
|-
| [[Yun Jin]] || [[Kaedehara Kazuha]] || Kazuha enjoys Liyue opera. || No
|-
|}

===Birthday Voice-Overs===
{{Transclude|Birthday|Voice-Overs}}

==See also==
* [[:Category:Character Voice-Overs]] for all Character Voice-Over pages
* [[Fallen Characters/Voice-Overs]] for voice-overs when characters die

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}