{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 31130; 31131; 31132; 31164
|type           = Commission
|image          = Commission Voltage Charge.png
|region         = Inazuma
|startLocation  = [[Kujou Encampment]], [[Inazuma]]
|startLocation2 = [[Mt. Yougou]], Inazuma
|startLocation3 = [[Serpent's Head]], Inazuma
|startLocation4 = [[Tsurumi Island]], Inazuma
|otherRewards   = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters     = Traveler
}}
'''''Voltage Charge''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Inazuma]].

==Steps==
{{Quest Description|Reach the destination within the time limit.}}
# Reach the destination within the time limit
#* Stand on the [[Pressure Plate]] to start the challenge.

==Gameplay Notes==
*In some locations, commissions that used to be called Voltage Charge are now called [[Full Speed Ahead]]. Their paths remain unchanged.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Locations==
===Kujou Encampment===
* Time limit: 90 seconds
* The commission will start at the northwestern gate of Kujou Encampment, and circle around the encampment in an anti-clockwise manner until the northern gate, before ending at the shore north of the encampment.

===Mt. Yougou===
* Time limit: 60 seconds
* Interact with the [[Thunder Sakura Bough]] next to the activator to summon an [[Electrogranum]], and use it to repeatedly fly up to [[Thunder Sphere]]s.
* Along the way, there are checkpoints that must be reached before the next checkpoint or final destination are revealed. Each checkpoint has another Thunder Sakura that can be used to refresh the duration of the Electrogranum.

===Serpent's Head===
* Time limit: 90 seconds
* The commission starts on top of the serpent's skull and heads to the eastern beach. [[Anemo Ring]]s appear about halfway through the route.
* Along the way, there are checkpoints that must be reached before the next checkpoint or final destination are revealed.

===Tsurumi Island===
* Time limit: 30 seconds
* Interact with the [[Thunder Sakura Bough]] next to the activator at the base of the mountain to summon an [[Electrogranum]], and use it to repeatedly fly up to [[Thunder Sphere]]s. The route spirals counterclockwise upwards along the edge of the mountain, then crosses over the hollow interior to end at the peak.
* Along the way, there are checkpoints that must be reached before the next checkpoint or final destination are revealed.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Voltage Charge
|zhs     = 电压冲锋
|zhs_rm  = Diān Yā Chōng Fēng
|zht     = 電壓衝鋒
|zht_rm  = Diān Yā Chōng Fēng
|zh_tl   = Voltage Assault
|ja      = 電圧の負荷
|ja_rm   = Den'atsu no Fuka
|ja_tl   = Voltage Load
|ko      = 전압 돌격
|ko_tl   = Voltage Charge
|es      = Alto voltaje
|es_tl   = High Voltage
|fr      = Charge voltaïque
|fr_tl   = Voltaic Charge
|ru      = Электрическое напряжение
|ru_tl   = Electric Voltage
|th      = แรงฟาดฟันแห่งสายฟ้า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Striking Force of Lightning
|vi      = {{tt|Điện Áp Xung Phong|電壓衝鋒}}
|vi_tl   = Voltage Assault
|de      = Aufgeladene Spannung
|de_tl   = Charged Voltage
|id      = Tegangan Tinggi
|id_tl   = High Voltage
|pt      = Ataque Voltaico
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Voltaj Yükü
|tr_tl   = Voltage Charge
|it      = Ricarica di tensione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Basic}}

[[es:Alto voltaje]]
[[pt-br:Ataque Voltaico]]
[[ru:Электрическое напряжение]]