{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 11021
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Historia Antiqua Chapter
|actNum        = I
|act           = Sal Flore
|character     = Zhongli
|part          = 2
|description   = After your chance meeting with [[Zhongli]], you learn that a [[Fatui|Fatuus]] named [[Kliment]] is trying to organize an archaeological expedition. Zhongli is roped in as a consultant, along with an archaeologist named [[Wanyan]] who volunteers for the task. Though you distrust the Fatui, you join up at Zhongli's invitation. The first subject of this investigation is [[Osial]], Overlord of the Vortex.
|startLocation = [[Guyun Stone Forest]], [[Liyue]]
|prev          = Shadow of Yore
|next          = A Ruin Under Lock and Key
|exp           = 500
|mora          = 27,825
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|6}}
|characters    = Kliment; Paimon; Traveler; Wanyan; Zhongli
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Vortex's Wake''' is the second part of [[Zhongli]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Historia Antiqua Chapter]]: Act I - [[Sal Flore]].

==Steps==
#Go to [[Guyun Stone Forest]]
#Use Elemental Sight to search for relics
#Defeat the enemies and open the chest
#Continue using Elemental Sight to search for relics
#*Open a floating box and retrieve [[Crude Sack]].
#Defeat the mimic monsters and recover the relic
#* Wave 1
#** {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Crane|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Frog|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Mallard|x=1}}
#* Wave 2
#** {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Boar|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Ferret|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Finch|x=1}}
#** {{Enemy|Hydro Mimic Mallard|x=1}}
#***Obtain 1 [[Mysterious Stone Tablet]]
#Meet up with the other group

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to the people)
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 kliment 01.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' This place looks so ordinary... Can we really find anything valuable here?
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Huh? Paimon thinks it looks really grand!
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 kliment 02.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' I don't mean the scenery, but rather that there should be something out of the ordinary. A big battle did just occur and all... And I don't even know where to begin looking here.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Guyun Stone Forest is actually the perfect place to be if you wish to learn about the Archons or the history of the Archon War.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Legend has it that Rex Lapis threw spears made of large rock into the sea here, piercing and crushing the Overlord of the Vortex.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' After many years of wind erosion, those stone spears have turned into the unique rock formations we see now.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Th&mdash;These mountains were the Lord of Geo's weapons?
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' What we see now is just the part of them that remains. The stone spears hurled by Rex Lapis all those years ago were much greater, both in number and in size.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But due to the different angles they landed at, their large centers of mass, erosion by seawater, and years of gravity, many of them have been completely swallowed by the sea.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' So, besides wind erosion, the initial collapsing of the stone spears also played a big part in the formation of Guyun Stone Forest.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 kliment 03.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Well... A god able to fight one so powerful that Rex Lapis was certainly very strong in its own right.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Indeed, this is where the value lies in research at Guyun Stone Forest.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Most of the objects from that time were lost to the sea, but the gigantic waves created by the Overlord of the Vortex have given those sunken objects a chance to see the light of day again.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 kliment 04.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' So you're saying that if we look carefully, we'll be able to get very, very rich&mdash;
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 kliment 05.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Uh, I mean &mdash; rich with archaeological knowledge and historical value, yes? That's all I seek in life.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 kliment 06.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Well, since we brought so many people, I think it would be best to split up and look.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Okay then, I will go with my friend here. Although I have a smattering of knowledge in various disciplines, when it comes to archaeology, I can't compete with the expert here.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 wanyan 01.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Huh? M&mdash;Me?
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 kliment 07.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' What's the matter? This is your profession. Why are you so surprised?
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 wanyan 02.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' I get it... I'll escort him, then.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Okay. If we find anything valuable or rare, let's meet on the shore opposite from here.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 zhongli 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The ancient god probably left behind lots of elemental marks. Following them should make our search much easier.
:{{A|vo zllq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Well, go ahead then, (Traveler). Use your Elemental Sight to look for any marks.

;(Defeat the opponents and open the chest)
:;(Obtain [[Used Training Dummy]] × 1)
:{{A|vo zllq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are there enemies here?
:{{A|vo zllq002 3 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Guyun Stone Forest is a place where a god was defeated, and its remnants still affect the area to this day.

;(Encountering the mimic monsters)
:{{A|vo zllq002 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon''' They're... gathering together here. But why?
:{{A|vo zllq002 5 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' See that object in the center? Perhaps it emits the remnant strength of that god. That would certainly attract them.
:{{A|vo zllq002 5 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But, the Hydro Mimic monsters... Hmmm. I have a contract, and must put my personal feelings aside. Go ahead, defeat them and recover the relic.

;(Defeat the mimic monsters and recover the relic)
:;(Obtain [[Mysterious Stone Tablet]] × 1)
:{{A|vo zllq002 5 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's just a stone slab... but its design is quite unique.
:{{A|vo zllq002 5 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This should be enough to garner some information. Let's head back.

;(Meet up with the other group)
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 01.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' ...You call yourself a scholar of archaeology? You can't even recognize this or that, what are you good for?
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 wanyan 01.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' We all have our areas of expertise! I already tried very hard to explain!
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Stop arguing! What in the world happened?
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 02.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' This girl just kept bragging about how she's an archeologist, but she doesn't even know anything about the surrounding ruins! I even know more than her!
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 03.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' She left me to rely solely on my guessing &mdash; I mean, experience &mdash; to find anything valuable to take back. Ugh, what a waste of time!
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 wanyan 02.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' I&mdash;I've just been researching the God of Salt, so I'm not familiar with the sea relics. Is that so strange!?
:{{DIcon}} (Hmm, it is a bit strange...)
:{{DIcon}} (One shouldn't lack general knowledge in their field...)
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 wanyan 03.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' And you! You kept asking about how much Mora everything is worth! Can the value of relics only be measured in Mora!?
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 04.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Uh... I mean, isn't measuring their value in Mora the easiest way? This also matches the traditions of Liyue, does it not?
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 zhongli 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Now, now, calm down, no need to make a fuss. We were able to bring back some intriguing objects. Let's have a look.
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 zhongli 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 zhongli 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' What a shame. *sigh* These objects were indeed washed ashore by the Overlord of Vortex, but they have nothing to do with the god besides being in the vicinity at the time.
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 zhongli 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This stone slab we found, however, has a mysterious pattern and faint aura of divine power. Perhaps it will be useful for research purposes.
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 05.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Quick, give it to me!
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 06.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Hehe, at least we didn't come for nothing. The power of gods, yes! This is good...
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 07.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Oh, but these other objects are certainly worth a little something right? It should be enough to cover the cost of hiring you &mdash; it's all mine!
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon''' Sooo... it's only valuable for research if there are remnants of divine power on it?
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 wanyan 04.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Not at all. My quest to uncover the history of the God of Salt is because history can tell us about culture and beliefs...
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 wanyan 05.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' But YOU... You're just trying to use archaeology to get rich!
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 08.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Nonsense! I'm a professional archaeology researcher from Snezhnaya, I swear. If I'm lying, may the Lord of Geo strike me down!
:{{DIcon}} (No, you're trying to get rich off archaeology... )
:{{DIcon}} (No, you're trying to collect the strength of the gods...)
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 zhongli 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Oh, by the way. You probably don't want to sell that teacup.
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 09.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Oh, why's that?
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 zhongli 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That's not an ancient teacup. It's part of [[Ningguang]]'s collection, it must have fallen here along with the [[Jade Chamber]]. So unless you want to mess with the Qixing...
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 10.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Agh, I see... What a shame. It was of such high quality, too.
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 wanyan 06.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' See!? You do want to sell these objects!
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 11.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' S&mdash;So what! Why can't I pursue wealth both intellectual and material? Don't be so simple-minded!
:{{A|vo zllq002 6 kliment 12.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' Alright then! No need to stay here any longer. Hm. I'm rather quite intrigued by the God of Salt too, actually. Let's go to [[Sal Terrae]] next.

;(Talk to Wanyan and Kliment)
:{{A|vo dialog zllq002 wanyan 01.ogg}} '''Wanyan:''' Argh! You're simply a money-grubber!
:{{A|vo dialog zllq002 kliment 01.ogg}} '''Kliment:''' And what are you then? All you think about is digging up valuable relics every day!
:{{A|vo dialog zllq002 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon''' They're still arguing. Let's not bother them...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Vortex's Wake
|zhs     = 漩涡之遗
|zhs_rm  = Xuánwō zhī Yí
|zht     = 漩渦之遺
|zht_rm  = Xuánwō zhī Yí
|zh_tl   = Remnants of Vortex
|ja      = 渦の遺
|ja_rm   = Uzu no Yui{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Remnants of Vortex
|ko      = 소용돌이의 흔적
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El despertar del Vórtice
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Éveil du Vortex
|fr_tl   = Vortex's Wake
|ru      = Останки вихря
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เสียงสะท้อนแห่งวังน้ำวน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Di Tích Lốc Xoáy
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Erwachen des Wirbels
|de_tl   = Vortex' Awakening
|id      = Bangkitnya Pusaran Air
|id_tl   = Water Vortex's Rise
|pt      = Despertar do Vórtice
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:El despertar del Vórtice]]