{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 72652
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|event_name    = Thunder Sojourn
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 50
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
* Unlocks Act 1 of [[Thunder Sojourn]] - [[Bolt Blitz]]
|characters    = Muzhen; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''Voyage Prep''' is a [[World Quest]] that unlocks Act 1 of the [[Thunder Sojourn]] event.

==Steps==
* Talk to the [[The Crux|Crux Fleet]] crew member
* Go to the [[Electro]] anomaly and complete the challenge
* Reach the destination within the time limit
** Upon failure - repeat the last 2 steps

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Chief Technical Officer of the Crux Fleet has something he needs your help with...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to ???)
:'''???:''' Ho there, Traveler! How've you been? Interested in doing some work for the Crux Fleet?
:{{DIcon}} The Crux Fleet...?
:{{DIcon}} Do I know you?
:'''???:''' Eh? Oh, right! Haha, my apologies.
:'''[[Muzhen]]:''' I'm Muzhen, Chief Technical Officer of the Alcor. I spend most of my time below deck, so it's no surprise that you're not familiar with me.
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, [[Sea Drake]] kicked me out and made me come outside, haha.
:'''Muzhen:''' "Move those lazy bones of yours and go get some sun, it'll do you good!", he said. So here I am, on shore, thanks to him...
:'''Muzhen:''' Hah! Not that he'd get off the boat himself though! Why, he'd faint the moment he sets foot on dry land.
:{{DIcon}} Oh...
:{{DIcon}} Do you need a hand with anything?
:'''Muzhen:''' Ah, yes. How rude of me to forget about the real business while making fun of someone else.
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, I've got some technical preparation-related errands that you can run to help prepare for the next leg of Captain [[Beidou]]'s journey.
:'''Muzhen:''' These things are usually handled by the Captain herself. The person in command of The Crux must have the pioneering spirit to explore the unknown...
:'''Muzhen:''' This is our rule, after all, and whoever is the boss will have to take up such duties.
:'''Muzhen:''' Still, the Captain has priority matters she needs to attend to at the moment. Certainly not matters that should be delayed by a few small odd jobs.
:'''Paimon:''' So you're pushing them off to us, then?
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, y'see, I'm a Technical Officer, not a fighter... And it's not as if the rest of the crew don't have things to do. No one's got the time to spare.
:'''Muzhen:''' Well then. That's all for the chit-chat. Here's the skinny...
:'''Muzhen:''' The person who ordered our next shipment wants some samples... Specifically, samples of components from some [[Ruin Sentinels|special Ruin machines]].
:'''Muzhen:''' According to the eyewitness reports this particular employer sent us, these machines... or organisms, are hidden throughout the islands of Inazuma... Very fascinating beings.
:{{DIcon}} And who might this employer be...?
::'''Muzhen:''' Oh ho? Trying to get me to spill the beans on our trade secrets huh?
::'''Muzhen:''' Haha! Not to worry. I'd be more than happy to tell you if I knew... even though technically speaking, it'd be a capital offense.
::'''Muzhen:''' I don't know who our employer is, anyway, so you'll have to excuse me. It's not something you should be concerned about, anyway.
::{{DIcon}} So, where do we find them?
:{{DIcon}} Mechanical organisms?
::'''Muzhen:''' Aye. The miners at the Chasm once dug up similar things. Word is that they're related to [[Cataclysm|the disaster that happened five hundred years ago]].
::'''Muzhen:''' Whatever the case, they're an ominous bunch, wandering through the ruins as they do. Gets me scared and excited all at once...
::'''Muzhen:''' Just thinking about one of them makes my hands itch. Wish I could pry one open and have a look inside...
::'''Muzhen:''' It's alright if you don't understand. You're not a technician, after all.
::{{DIcon}} So, where do we find them?
:{{DIcon}} Interesting, you say...
::'''Muzhen:''' Well, I mean... Wouldn't you want to open one up yourself?
::'''Paimon:''' Not... really...?
::'''Muzhen:''' Hmph. Alright then... I guess only a fellow technician would understand how I feel.
::{{DIcon}} So, where do we find them?
:'''Muzhen:''' Hah! See, now you're {{sic|the asking}} the right questions.<!--"the asking" is a typo in in-game text-->
:'''Muzhen:''' Trouble is that I've got no clue where they are either.
:'''Muzhen:''' However, we've discovered strange Electro phenomena occurring in some regions of the islands. According to my observations, there is a huge gap in frequency between occurrences of such phenomena in these places compared to others across Inazuma.
:'''Muzhen:''' I would hazard a guess that we're most likely to find good leads if we investigate these anomalous areas first.
:'''Muzhen:''' Should you find any by-products from those phenomena, please bring them back here for me to study.
:'''Muzhen:''' As for remuneration, don't worry, I've got you covered on that front.

;(Talk to Muzhen again)
:'''Muzhen:''' *sigh* Only after following Captain Beidou across the lands did I realize that Liyue was best...
:'''Muzhen:''' Well, I say that, but I've never really gotten off the boat.
:{{DIcon}} So, as for that next leg of the journey...
:'''Muzhen:''' Nope, sorry, that's confidential. I can only tell you that we're going to Sumeru next.
:'''Muzhen:''' I can't say much more, and I'd suggest that you refrain from asking.
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
:'''Muzhen:''' Alright. Hope things go well with you!

----
;(Upon arriving at the location)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the place Muzhen was talking about!
;(Upon coming close to the 'Challenge')
:'''Bolt Blitz - Gameplay Tutorial'''
::During the Thunder Sojourn event, Travelers can activate mechanisms to enter the [[Bolt Blitz]] challenge. After starting the challenge, Travelers will need to use Thunder Spheres to reach the destination within the time limit
::Characters carrying '''[[Electrograna]]''' or '''affected by Electro''' in proximity to a [[Thunder Sphere]] can move towards the Thunder Sphere at great speed.
::During the Bolt Blitz challenge, defeat enemies or obtain '''Electro particles''' to extend the challenge time remaining.
;(The quest ends after completing the challenge)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Voyage Prep
|zhs     = 远航的准备
|zhs_rm  = Yuǎnháng de Zhǔnbèi
|zht     = 遠航的準備
|zht_rm  = Yuǎnháng de Zhǔnbèi
|zh_tl   = Preparation for a Long Voyage
|ja      = 航海の準備
|ja_rm   = Koukai no Junbi
|ja_tl   = Voyage Preparation
|ko      = 원항 준비
|ko_rm   = Wonhang Junbi
|ko_tl   = Long Cruise Preparation
|es      = Preparaciones para la travesía
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = La préparation au voyage
|fr_tl   = The Travel Preparation
|ru      = Подготовка к плаванию
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เตรียมตัวล่องเรือทางไกล
|th_rm   = Triamtua Long Ruea Thang Klai
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Chuẩn bị cho cuộc hành trình dài
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Reisevorbereitung
|de_tl   = Trip Preparation
|id      = Persiapan Perjalanan
|id_tl   = Journey Preparation
|pt      = Preparativos da Jornada
|pt_tl   = Preparations of the Journey
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}
[[pt-br:Preparativos da Jornada]]