{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = 
|realname         = 
|deceased         = 
|region           = 
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|group            = 
}}
The '''voyager''' was a being from beyond [[Teyvat]] who inhabited the body of an '''unnamed youth''' during the era of the [[Hyperborea|Golden City]], and would later become the lover of the [[Seelie]] ancestor, the [[First Angel]].<ref group="Note">In [[Finale of the Deep Galleries]], the Voyager is referred to with feminine pronouns in her original form and masculine pronouns when inhabiting the body of the young man. Accordingly, this page will adopt the respective pronouns for each instance in alignment with this distinction and for the sake of clarity.</ref>

==Profile==
The voyager was a scribe whose mind traveled the cosmos while her undying body slumbered in a "distant celestial disk-construct." She charted countless peoples and civilizations fated to perish, and was duty-bound to never interact directly with them. As she describes humans as "chordate animals," it is likely that she was either an invertebrate animal, or not an animal of any kind.<ref name="pact">{{Ref/Arti|Deep Gallery's Distant Pact}}</ref>

As the unnamed youth, he was described as a boy of humble birth<ref name="banquet">{{Ref/Arti|Deep Gallery's Bestowed Banquet}}</ref> with star-shaped pupils,<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Deep Gallery's Lost Crown|quote=Until the first angel met an unnamed youth beneath the silver tree in the far north,<br>And in those star-like pupils, saw a reflection of herself she had never yet known.}}</ref> which suggests a connection to [[Khaenri'ah]].

==Story==
The voyager's mind drifted through the cosmos for tens of thousands of years until she was jolted into awareness by [[Nibelung]] on Teyvat, whose will shone brighter than all the civilizations she had ever seen. Feeling both wonder and sorrow, she warned the [[dragon]] of Teyvat's inevitable end, and invited him to journey beyond the stars with her. However, Nibelung refused, and instead asked the voyager to return later to witness the path of his people. When the voyager visited Teyvat once more, Nibelung was gone, having lost against the [[Heavenly Principles]], and the world was bound by the [[Four Shades]]. She was confused by Nibelung's absence, but did not want to disturb the Heavenly Principles, so she cast her consciousness into the body of a youth in the Golden City and listened to the people's debates.<ref name="pact"/>

At the time, the people of the Golden City had angered the [[Angel]]s by questioning the progress of knowledge, and the priests argued amongst themselves on how to quell their wrath. The unnamed youth snuck into the priests' chamber and refuted all their arguments of heresy, pointing out the inconsistencies in their concept of sin. Finally, the chief priest told him to plead his case to the [[First Angel]] below the [[Irminsul]] tree.<ref name="banquet"/>

The youth descended underground and met the first angel, inquiring her about the most forbidden origins of Teyvat and telling her of his true origins as a voyager from afar. Upon hearing his words, the angel's crown broke and she discovered true freedom for the first time. She fell in love with the youth, telling him the secrets of creation, and the youth swore an oath to stand by her side in rebellion against the Heavenly Principles. This act of defiance was witnessed by the three [[Moon Sisters]].<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Deep Gallery's Echoing Song}}</ref>

The angel told the youth that she dreamed of a time when nations could live without fear of the Heavenly Principles, and [[god]]s and mortals could reside in the heavens together. However, thirty days after their first meeting,<ref>{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|quote=Just thirty days later, a sudden disaster struck. The seelie and their lover fled into exile as the world collapsed around them, fleeing until the terrible calamity caught up with and seized them.}}</ref> the Heavenly Principles punished them all by sending [[Celestial Nail]]s down to destroy the city and cursing the first angel, as well as the rest of her kin, to lose their minds and bodies if they ever fell in love. The angel and the youth would be separated for all eternity, and their memories completely wiped.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|quote=Their cruel punishment was to be separated from each other for eternity and to have their memories wiped without a trace.}}</ref>

[[Skirk]] is currently searching for the voyager, under orders from her master [[Surtalogi]].<ref>{{Ref/Arti|Deep Gallery's Bestowed Banquet|quote=Following her master's guidance, the girl ventured northward, traversing the freezing wastelands and the corridor of fractured mirrors at the edge of the frozen sea.<br>Alone she walked through the ruins of the Spiral Abyss, intent on finding the trail of the voyager that the magical swordmaster had spoken of...}}</ref>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Voyager
|zhs      = 
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 
|zht_rm   = 
|ja       = 
|ja_rm    = 
|ko       = 
|ko_rm    = 
|es       = 
|fr       = 
|ru       = 
|th       = 
|th_rm    = 
|vi       = 
|de       = 
|id       = 
|pt       = 
|tr       = 
|it       = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}