{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Wafiq.png
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Audience

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Wafiq''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]].
<!--
==Location== Next to a tree close to training grounds
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Wafiq}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|Vo dialog eqpm001 wafiq 01.ogg}} '''Wafiq:''' (I wish I could take part in the competition too! Why'd I have to be born with zero natural talent for beast-taming...)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Wafiq:''' I hope my little brothers didn't go running off...
:{{DIcon}} You look a little worried.
::'''Paimon:''' Yeah, could it be that you forgot to turn off the stove before leaving the house?
::'''Wafiq:''' Nah, I checked twice already. The stove and the firewood in the fireplace are both definitely put out.
::'''Wafiq:''' I'm just worried about my two energetic younger brothers... They run around and occasionally get into trouble. I think they've recently started hanging out with the kids from the Ajilenakh Nut Gang.
::'''Wafiq:''' They're nice kids, but they'll definitely become overweight if they keep chomping down on those [[Ajilenakh Nut]]s and sweets. If it continues, not even the [[Sumpter Beast]]s will be able to carry them.
::{{DIcon}} Paimon likes sweets too...
::{{DIcon}} How much do you weigh now... Paimon...?
::'''Paimon:''' Hey! That's because Paimon isn't picky about food, okay? There's nothing to worry about there!
::'''Paimon:''' Besides, if Paimon becomes so heavy that not even a Sumpter Beast will be able to carry Paimon, then we wouldn't need to worry about any monsters we run into because Paimon could performing a Plunging Attack and easily crush them!
:{{DIcon}} Are you a competitor as well?
::'''Wafiq:''' No, no, no... I'm far from being strong enough to compete... I'm just an ordinary chef that's here to take a look...
::'''Wafiq:''' My two little brothers kept trying to persuade me to join the competition because they want to play with the Fungi. But I couldn't even figure out how to use the [[Wisdom Orb]] properly and didn't even make it to the preliminaries.
::'''Wafiq:''' That's why I have such admiration for qualified competitors such as you guys!
::'''Paimon:''' We never noticed that there was a learning curve in using the Wisdom Orb...
::'''Wafiq:''' It's not all bad though. A staff member named [[Balfour]] had tasted my food before and immediately recognized me.
::'''Wafiq:''' He asked if I wanted to provide meals for the competitors and said that it was a good business opportunity. Unfortunately, it didn't work out since the special training facility for the competitors is a little too far away from [[Port Ormos]], but I agreed to help him out next time.
::'''Wafiq:''' I just don't understand why he'd pick me when there are so many other talented chefs to choose from.
::'''Wafiq:''' Could it be because... the other chefs are too expensive, and Balfour wanted to cut costs?
::'''Paimon:''' Maybe it's because Balfour really likes your food! Have some faith in yourself!
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Wafiq:''' Goodbye, powerful stranger.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Wafiq
|zhs     = 瓦菲格
|zhs_rm  = Wǎfēigé
|zht     = 瓦菲格
|zht_rm  = Wǎfēigé
|ja      = ワフィク
|ja_rm   = Wafiku
|ko      = 와피크
|ko_rm   = Wapikeu
|es      = Wafiq
|fr      = Wafiq
|ru      = Вафик
|th      = Wafiq
|vi      = Wafiq
|de      = Wafiq
|id      = Wafiq
|pt      = Wafiq
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
[[pt-br:Wafiq]]