{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 15015
|image         = Story Quest Wailing Cacophony.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Tribal Chronicles
|chapter       = A Prayer for Blessings, Told to Crested Peaks
|actNum        = III
|act           = Melodious Chant
|character     = Xilonen
|part          = 3
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Nechca; Nepecha; Paimon; Tlazolli; Traveler; Xilonen
|startLocation = [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = 
|prev          = A Faint Signal Lingers
|next          = Serenity's Reprise
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*500;Mora*44,000;The Cornerstone of Stars and Flames*1;Hero's Wit*5;Mystic Enhancement Ore*10
|otherRewards  = 
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Wailing Cacophony''''' is the third part of {{Quest|Melodious Chant}}.

==Steps==
# Pursue [[Tlazolli]]
#* Enter Quest Domain: [[Tlazolli's Forge]]
# Pursue Tlazolli
#* Area 1 (optional) {{Enemy List|Forged Sand Interrogator*2;Forged Sand Shieldbreaker;Forged Sand Javelineer}}
#* Area 2 (optional) {{Enemy List|Forged Sand Shieldbreaker;Forged Sand Javelineer}}
#* Area 3
#** Wave 1: {{Enemy List|Forged Sand Interrogator*3;Forged Sand Javelineer}}
#** Wave 2: {{Enemy List|Tepetlisaurus Warrior: Shard Striker*2;Tepetlisaurus Warrior: Rockbreaker Blade}}
# Stop Tlazolli's ritual
# Rescue [[Nepecha]]
# Rest for a moment with [[Xilonen]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* During steps 2–4, a trial Xilonen joins the party.
* Permanently missable chests inside the domain: {{Item|Common Chest|x=1}}, {{Item|Exquisite Chest|x=2}}.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 4, 5, 8, 9
|character_name          = Xilonen

<!-- WL 4 Stats -->
|character_level4        = 61
|constellation4          = 3

|weapon_name4            = Peak Patrol Song
|weapon_level4           = 61
|refinement4             = 1

|artifact_flower4        = Medal of the Brave
|artifact_feather4       = Prospect of the Brave
|artifact_sands4         = Fortitude of the Brave
|artifact_goblet4        = Outset of the Brave
|artifact_circlet4       = Crown of the Brave
|artifact_level4         = 16
|set1_4                  = Brave Heart
|set1_piece_bonus_4      = 4

|normal_attack_talent4   = 4
|elemental_skill_talent4 = 7
|elemental_burst_talent4 = 4

|hp4                     = 19960
|atk4                    = 1262
|def4                    = 1169
|em4                     = 34
|crit_rate4              = 50.6%
|crit_dmg4               = 72.4%
|er4                     = 135.0%

<!-- WL 5 Stats -->
|character_level5        = 71
|constellation5          = 3

|weapon_name5            = Peak Patrol Song
|weapon_level5           = 71
|refinement5             = 1

|artifact_flower5        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather5       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands5         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet5        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet5       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level5         = 16
|set1_5                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_5      = 4

|normal_attack_talent5   = 5
|elemental_skill_talent5 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent5 = 5

|hp5                     = 20,217
|atk5                    = 1,395
|def5                    = 1,587
|em5                     = 42
|crit_rate5              = 51.8%
|crit_dmg5               = 91.9%
|er5                     = 135.0%

<!-- WL 8 Stats -->
|character_level8        = 90
|constellation8          = 3

|weapon_name8            = Peak Patrol Song
|weapon_level8           = 90
|refinement8             = 1

|artifact_flower8        = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather8       = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands8         = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet8        = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet8       = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4

|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 11
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8

|hp8                     = 26,151
|atk8                    = 1,742
|def8                    = 2,197
|em8                     = 105
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 91.9%
|er8                     = 135.0%

<!-- WL 9 Stats -->
|character_level9        = 90
|constellation9          = 3

|weapon_name9            = Peak Patrol Song
|weapon_level9           = 90
|refinement9             = 3

|artifact_flower9        = Beast Tamer's Talisman
|artifact_feather9       = Mountain Ranger's Marker
|artifact_sands9         = Mystic's Gold Dial
|artifact_goblet9        = Wandering Scholar's Claw Cup
|artifact_circlet9       = Demon-Warrior's Feather Mask
|artifact_level9         = 20
|set1_9                  = Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
|set1_piece_bonus_9      = 4

|normal_attack_talent9   = 10
|elemental_skill_talent9 = 13
|elemental_burst_talent9 = 10

|hp9                     = 20,370
|atk9                    = 1,362
|def9                    = 3,282
|em9                     = 105
|crit_rate9              = 26.0%
|crit_dmg9               = 91.9%
|er9                     = 186.8%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Tlazolli has revealed her true intentions, coercing "Nechca" into her self-proclaimed "abandoned" workshop. If you wish to save the child who sought your help, you must pursue them.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Read the sign before the domain entrance, optional)
:'''Warning Sign:''' "The workshop is closed. No entry."
:'''Warning Sign:''' (The workshop entrance seems to be blocked by mud and rocks. It looks like there's no way to gain entry...)

;(Enter the domain and head deeper)
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What... is this place?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 1 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Auntie's workshop. It was supposedly closed after she stepped down from her position in the tribe.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 1 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But it appears that we've all been deceived.

;(Approach the first group of enemies)
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are there people up ahead!?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 2 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If you're up to shady business, you have to hire shady people to help you.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 2 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' {{Traveler}}, let's go! Don't hesitate!

;(Hint shown when a solid Phlogiston wall is approached)
::[[Children of Echoes]] can use their abilities to climb on top of this type of solid [[Phlogiston]]

;(After defeating the third group of enemies)
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The door's closed here, too. Where should we go now?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 2 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The transport system seems to still be functioning. Let's go look for the controls, and get this cart running again.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 2 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Maybe it can take us further inside.

;(Pull the first controller lever)
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 2 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Alright, let's keep going.

;(Hint shown if the doors for the carts are not reached on time)
::Operate the controller again to start the cart

;(Hint shown after the third controller lever is approached)
::Activate the controller after the carriage enter the transfer depot

;(Approach the center of the workshop)
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 01.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' You got here quick. Impressive.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nechca's up there! What are you planning to do to her!?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 02.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I never lied to you. All this time, I've only been trying to save my daughter.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 03.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Even though she's not my daughter yet... But once everything is over, she will really become my Nechca.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is she saying? Is she not Nechca?
:{{DIcon}} Infusing memories...
:{{DIcon}} Forgetting the past...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 04.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' So you've figured it out? I want to use memories to awaken my Nechca.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 05.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' She has stayed in the Night Kingdom for far too long... She's afraid of the dark and cold.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 06.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I'm the one who made her stay there alone, so I must bring her back.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 07.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Don't worry, Nechca. Mom hasn't forgotten anything, she has always remembered your name...
:{{DIcon}} Night Kingdom?
:{{DIcon}} So... Is Nechca already dead?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I'm afraid so.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Then who's that girl lying up there?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 08.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' She's a child from my tribe. Her parents were killed in that same Abyss attack, but wouldn't you know it... Her birthday is the same as that of my Nechca.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 09.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I raised her and took care of her for many years. I thought that taking her in would... help me feel better.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 10.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I was so happy the first time she was willing to call me "Mom," but then... I suddenly felt very, very scared.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 11.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Is she really my child? My child's name is Nechca... It could only be Nechca.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 12.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' How could I be happy? M&ndash;My little Nechca is still waiting for me... Waiting for me to get her home.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 13.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' As I said, I only want to bring Nechca back, even if it costs me everything.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 14.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' And now, the time has come for me to pay.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 15.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' As for my useless Ancient Name... Hmph, it's finally time to put it to good use.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 16.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' If you're not willing to help me, then you can become the fuel for Nechca's Ancient Name!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 17.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Xilonen, you have yet to make a move. I take it you're examining the Inscriptions around you?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 18.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' It's no use. I've already set up all the Blazegem Inscriptions, and the engraving diagram has already begun to run.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 19.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' It's all thanks to your ideas. Now, the Central Inscription will finally become Nechca's Ancient Name.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 20.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' After Nechca returns, I'll make sure to invite you to her birthday party.
:{{DIcon}} Let her go!
:{{DIcon}} Get behind me, Paimon!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're... You're not gonna go up there, are you?
:{{DIcon}} Nechca is already dead...
:{{DIcon}} We can't let her harm an innocent child!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' There's a flaw in this engraving diagram. The weak point is almost about to activate, so on my mark...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 21.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Don't worry, Nechca... Don't worry... Mom is here...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Three.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 22.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Mom will always be with you. I'll never forget you...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Two.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 tlazolli 23.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Wake up, Nechca... Now! Please, wake up...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 3 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' One!
;(A cinematic plays)
:{{Cutscene Description|Tlazolli began the ritual, but what poured out of the Blazegem Inscriptions was actually countless agonized feelings, which corroded Tlazolli and Nechca.<br>Just as they were about to be completely swallowed by these negative thoughts, Xilonen awakened the real Nechca, who had remained within Tlazolli's "Ancient Name" all along.<br>The still-whimpering feelings of misery were purified by the newly-born flames, and the prisons forged from the "name" were completely dispelled.<br>And Nechca was thus able to pass on her true feelings...}}
::'''Tlazolli:''' It's alright... It's alright...
::'''Tlazolli:''' You'll see Mommy soon
::'''Tlazolli:''' Nechca...
::'''Xilonen:''' Keep back. Those are distorted thoughts
::'''Xilonen:''' ...And the mists are the thoughts' twisted cries
::'''Xilonen:''' If you become tainted by them, they will control you, and you'll never be free again
::'''Nechca:''' Where are you...
::'''Nechca:''' I don't want medicine... It hurts... It hurts...
::'''Nechca:''' Why am I... alone?
::'''Tlazolli:''' N &ndash; Nechca? Why...?
::'''Nechca:''' No more medicine... Will you stay with me forever?
::'''Nechca:''' ...Please never leave me again
::'''Xilonen:''' Tlazolli
::'''Xilonen:''' You're the one who twisted Nechca's name
::'''Xilonen:''' Into a shackling prison
::'''Xilonen:''' ...It's time for you to hear her true voice
::'''Xilonen:''' "Stone engraved and echoing peaks"
::'''Xilonen:''' "Converge, disperse, in ashes be reborn"
::'''Xilonen:''' "For flames born anew, and the blazing dawn"
::'''Tlazolli:''' Mommy will be with you, Nechca...
::'''Tlazolli:''' Always and forever...
::'''Nechca:''' Mommy, I've always been with you
::'''Nechca:''' And now, you're finally listening to me
::'''Nechca:''' "The old births the new, as flowers shield the roots"
::'''Nechca:''' "So life ever cycles, until we return to the loam"
::'''Nechca:''' We've known each other a while, but we've never met
::'''Nepecha:''' Y &ndash; You're... Nechca?
::'''Nechca:''' Yes. But I still don't know your name
::'''Nepecha:''' My name's... Nepecha
::'''Nechca:''' It really suits you
::'''Nechca:''' Nepecha
::'''Nechca:''' I bless you from the past
::'''Nechca:''' And wish that every day of your future will be filled with peace and happiness
:;(Cinematic ends)
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 01.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I saw Nechca, and was speaking with her, but now, where... Where did she go!?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 02.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Nechca? Nechca! Where are you? Answer Mommy! Please... Please!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 03.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Xilonen! You saw her too, didn't you? You saw my little Nechca!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 04.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I felt her hands and hugged her. I was right... I was right...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 05.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Those gray shadows were just a minor mistake... I just need to restart the ritual again... Right, I'll start it again, and Nechca will...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Have you still not come to your senses, Auntie?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 06.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Hmm? What senses? I was not wrong. Nothing about what happened was wrong!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 07.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' She's just a little upset and was trying to ignore me... That child sure knows how to throw a tantrum... B&ndash;But I understand, I can accept that!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Enough, Tlazolli!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The person you summoned with the Blazegem Inscription wasn't the real Nechca at all.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You collected memories of Nechca from countless people, but you forgot one thing...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Among what you gathered were not only real memories but also countless emotions.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Didn't you realize what kind of emotions people would feel upon seeing Nechca's condition?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' When people held a dying child's hand... when they felt her faint breath and saw the helplessness in her eyes... When they sensed her body growing colder and colder...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' What could they feel, but abject pain and sorrow?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 08.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I... I took those emotions...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You absorbed those emotions into the Blazegem Inscriptions, and solidified them as a piece of her past.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Those gray figures were projections of that past. They could only reproduce the appearance of Nechca in her sickly state.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' What the real Nechca wished to say was drowned out by those twisted and painful thoughts.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 09.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I... I didn't want things to turn out like this... All I wanted was to remember Nechca... to see her again...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Nechca has always been with you, Auntie.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Everything has long been recorded on your Ancient Name... The one you said was "useless."
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 14.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You exhausted every option and sacrificed everything in the hopes of saving your daughter... That's undeniable.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 15.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But have you forgotten the true meaning of your own Ancient Name?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 10.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' My Ancient Name is... "{{Rubi|Undugu|Kinship}}"...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 16.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The immovable love between you and Nechca has already been recorded in your Ancient Name, but you chose to ignore that.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 17.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' "Names are blessings from the past to the future..." You told me that, Auntie.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 18.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You gave Nechca her name, her first blessing.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 19.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But now, you've turned her name into a prison by taking an innocent child captive... And you've imprisoned yourself.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 11.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Nechca is everything to me. Without her, I can't see any future for me.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 12.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' And as for blessings... Haha. What blessings have I had since the day she passed? I see her in my dreams every day, grasping my hand... telling me she's in pain, asking me to hold her.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 13.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' But I can't say anything... I can't grasp her hand... All I can do is shout her name over and over again until I wake up.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 14.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' Every day... every single day, I've hated myself... and Ancient Names, too. Who knows... Maybe hate would have been the only thing left to her, too...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 20.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You think... Nechca would have come to hate you?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 15.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' ...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 21.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Auntie, do you still remember the last words Nechca ever said to you? Do you remember what her final words really were?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 tlazolli 16.ogg}} '''Tlazolli:''' I... I...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 22.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The reason you haven't felt blessed is because you've forgotten the true past... Auntie, you've been wallowing in memories of your imagination and refused to let go of them.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 23.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' A name without a past is nothing but a withered tree with no roots, rotting without a future.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 24.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's over, Auntie. It's all over now.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, slowly now. Why don't you stay lying down? Uh, on second thought, this might not be the best place to rest...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xilonen! Nechca... uh, Nepecha can already stand now, so we made our way over.<ref group="Note">Voice-over mistake: "Nepecha" is incorrectly pronounced.</ref>
:{{DIcon}} Let me help you.
:{{DIcon}} I can carry you.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 nechca 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo xnnlq005 4 nechca 01b.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Thank you, Paimon, and {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 nechca 02.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' I'm fine, really. The real Nechca helped me just now, so it doesn't hurt much anymore.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 25.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' That's good. If you became Nechca, then this story would really become like Tequil the Brave.<ref group="Note">Voice-over mistake: "[...] become the Tequil the Brave."</ref>
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 26.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' This isn't the place to chat. Come on, let's get out of here.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, but what about Tlazolli?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 4 xilonen 27.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Don't worry, she won't be able to cause any more trouble now.
:{{Black Screen|It's all over. You leave the workshop. Once outside, Xilonen asks that you go accompany Nepecha. She still needs to have some words with Tlazolli alone...}}
----
;(Approach the cliffside)
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Alright, I've locked Auntie in the house with a few ropes. I'll take her to the tribe shortly to be punished for what she did.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' As for now, we can get away from the house and get some sun.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' After dealing with all of that, I'm completely out of energy...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's already planned out everything... Xilonen sure doesn't waste time.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* It's still so scary to imagine... Tlazolli wanted to turn her adopted child into Nechca, and she even nearly succeeded...
:{{DIcon}} Good thing we found out in time.
:{{DIcon}} Xilonen knew what to do right away.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, you were so cool in the final moments, Xilonen! You went right into action and took control of the situation instantly.<ref group="Note">Actual voice-over: "Yeah, she was so cool in the final moments! She went right into action and took control of the situation instantly."</ref>
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's all thanks to Nepecha's resilience &mdash; she never gave up. If it weren't for her bravely trying to get help, then I wouldn't have noticed Auntie's plans so easily.
:{{DIcon}} You're so brave, Nepecha.
:{{DIcon}} You're so smart, Nepecha.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 01a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 01b.ogg}}--> '''Nepecha:''' It was thanks to all of you encouraging me. After all, this was already the last idea I could think of...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 02.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' I tried to get the attention of many others who visited before, but they were all either quickly whisked away by Tlazolli, or simply refused to believe me.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 03.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Even if I told them everything, Tlazolli would just blame my illness to cover it up.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 04.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' All she had to do was start to cry, and the guests would try to comfort her, but completely forget about me.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 05.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' She would inspect all the letters I sent and any gifts I received. And then... if I didn't comply, she would force me to drink some strange medicine.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 06.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' It would put me to sleep for a few days, and it would be hard for me to remember anything. I would see a lot of weird things while I slept, and the walls around me would start talking.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 07.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' I would be so scared every day... If I wasn't able to get your help this time, I might have just given up.
:{{DIcon}} That's all in the past now.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You have us now, Nepecha. If anyone dares to hurt you again, {{Traveler}} and Xilonen will send them flying!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 08.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Y&ndash;Yeah... Sorry, I... I just can't help it...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You are already super brave! And you even managed to call Xilonen for help. You definitely found the right person!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xilonen isn't the kind of person who gets distracted easily by crying. She pays attention when someone's talking and doesn't miss a beat!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' And it was because of your help that I was able to pick up on the details.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Without you, it would have been extremely difficult for her to communicate that she needed help.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Tlazolli would certainly be more on guard if I tried to speak with her, and would probably have just kept Nepecha locked up in her room again.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So we had a part to play, too! But, where did Tlazolli even get the confidence to try this scheme? When Nechca was alive, surely many tribe members would have tried to help her.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was she not scared that someone would realize that Nepecha wasn't Nechca?
:{{DIcon}} She must have been using the Blazegem Inscriptions for a very long time.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' That's certainly a possibility. The Inscriptions she created would not only collect information related to Nechca's past, but also actively erase people's memories of Nechca.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's similar to graffiti. If you want to paint something new on a wall that has been painted before, then first, you must remove the old painting.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's possible that I was also one of her targets, which would explain why she was so willing to let me have the Central Inscription.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, and you still took it! If it were Paimon, she would have thrown that thing away the first chance she had!
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You can't uncover the truth without taking some risks, right? If I hadn't disassembled the Inscription myself, I would have never realized her actual motives.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So you suspected her from the very beginning?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' No. She's my Auntie, after all. How could I have seen her as a villain from the start?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The most I did was keep the possibility and a corresponding plan in mind. It was just our luck that the worst case scenario actually happened.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 14.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' But now that I look back on it, we still managed to rescue a suffering child, even if that wasn't our original intention.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 15.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Anyway, I think we've just about summarized everything and praised each other enough by now.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 16.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Everything is finally over, and Nepecha can now finally be herself.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 09.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' So, what should I do now, Xilonen?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You should do whatever you like, of course! No one is going to lock you up anymore.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 10.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' But, I... I don't know what I can do.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 11.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Everything I know is about Nechca... What she liked to eat, which flowers she enjoyed, how she acted and spoke.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 12.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' I'm not her, but... But I can only be like her. I... I don't know, Xilonen. I just don't know...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 17.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Don't worry, Nepecha. The Blazegem Inscription isn't working anymore. No one will force you to be somebody else again.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 13.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' But, I no longer remember anything about myself now besides my name. What if I never remember my life, and lose all of my past?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 14.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' I&ndash;I'm scared, Xilonen. *sobbing* What should I do?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 18.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Don't cry, Nepecha.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 19.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Here, take this. I took some ore from Tlazolli's collection, and made this as a mold.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' A Blazegem Inscription! You can make them too?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 20.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Of course not. It's just a pretty piece of stone. Take it &mdash; I've engraved your name, "Nepecha," on the top.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 21.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' This is your first blessing, the one you received from a pair of people who loved you with all of their hearts.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 22.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It has always protected you, and stood over you. In all of past, present, and future, it's never strayed far.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 15.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' ...But, I don't even remember the names of my parents. I... I don't remember anything...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 23.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 24.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I won't make any big promises and say everything will return to normal for you...<ref group="Note">Actual voice-over: "for you" is omitted.</ref> I'm not sure what kind of future you will face.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 25.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I can only promise that no matter what the future holds, your name will never fade. This is a blessing given to you by a Name Engraver.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 26.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You'll continue to grow and mature, as a sapling sprouts upward and becomes a healthy tree, or as birds spread their wings to fly high into the sky.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 27.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Your name is your starting point, as well as your guide.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 28.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Remember your name and everything you've experienced, and you'll know how to step into your future.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 16.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' I... I'll do my best.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can do it, Nepecha!
:{{DIcon}} We'll always be with you.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 17a.ogg}} {{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 17b.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Thank you all... Xilonen, Paimon, and {{MC|m=Mr.|f=Miss}} {{Traveler}}...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 29.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If you really can't come up with what to do, don't worry. Just relax and take it easy.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 30.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We're from the same tribe, after all. If nothing else works, I can always go to the elders and look up your history.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 31.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' And until then, you can stay at my workshop. I can handle another mouth to feed.
:{{DIcon}} So you do have a backup plan...
:{{DIcon}} Do you think you can find anything about her?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 32.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' *sigh* I don't know if the plan will work... I'm not even sure who I should look for.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 33.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Rather than placing our hopes on a plan that relies so heavily on luck, we should just focus on ourselves.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 34.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Anyway, enough about that for now. Let me take Tlazolli back to the tribe first. Come with me, Nepecha.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 35.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, gosh, I nearly forgot that we haven't even had dinner yet. What would you like to eat?
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 nechca 18.ogg}} '''Nepecha:''' Huh? Oh, anything... I'm not picky.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 36.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Good. Let's go, we have a lot of work to do. We have a very busy future ahead of us.
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 37.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Ah, and one more thing...
:{{A|vo xnnlq005 5 xilonen 38.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Happy Birthday, Nepecha.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Wailing Cacophony
|zhs      = 裂鸣的悲音
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 裂鳴的悲音
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 悲鳴の音
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 울리는 비명
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Lamento discordante
|es_tl    = Discordant Lament
|fr       = Cacophonie gémissante
|fr_tl    = Wailing Cacophony
|ru       = Какофония стонов
|ru_tl    = Cacophony of Moans
|th       = เสียงคร่ำครวญที่ร่ำร้อง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tiếng Bi Ai Lách Tách
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Klagende Kakophonie
|de_tl    = Wailing Cacophony
|id       = Kidung Ratapan
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Cacofonia de Lamentos
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Karmakarışık Ağıtlar
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Lamento cacofonico
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}