{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Waking from the Great Dream
|id            = 74165
|image         = World Quest Waking from the Great Dream.png
|type          = World
|group         = 
|chapter       = In the Wake of Narcissus
|actNum        = III
|act           = Waking from the Great Dream
|characters    = Ann; Narzissenkreuz; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Genesis of a Certain Micro-Universe]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Morte Region
|subarea       = Genesis of a Certain Micro-Universe
|prev          = Savior's Wake (Quest)
|next          = Rowboat's Wake (Quest)
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*200;Primogem*30;Mora*35,000
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Waking from the Great Dream''''' is the only [[World Quest]] of {{Quest|Waking from the Great Dream|showType=0}}.

==Steps==
# Enter the ocean current
# Keep moving ahead
# Talk to the giant being
# Defeat [[Narzissenkreuz]]
#* {{Enemy|Hydro Tulpa|link=Narzissenkreuz (Enemy)|text=Narzissenkreuz &mdash; Incomplete Order of the New Cosmos}}

==Gameplay Notes==
* During the quest, the active party will be limited to a trial Traveler. The Traveler's element will be the element the player has last resonated with.
* A teleport waypoint, Exploring the Tower of Gestalt, becomes available at the start of the quest, and moves to the Narzissenkreuz arena at step 3.
* While fighting Narzissenkreuz, healing orbs will occasionally spawn in the arena. After obtaining the holy blade's special attack, the player will constantly heal over time for the remainder of the fight.
* Completing the quest grants the {{Achievement|An Immortal Emperor in a Mundane Universe}}.

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                      = 8
|character_name          = Traveler

<!-- WL 8 Stats-->
|character_level8        = 80
|constellation8          = 0
|weapon_name8            = Sword of Narzissenkreuz (Quest)
|weapon_level8           = 80
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower8        = Gladiator's Nostalgia
|artifact_feather8       = Gladiator's Destiny
|artifact_sands8         = Gladiator's Longing
|artifact_goblet8        = Gladiator's Intoxication
|artifact_circlet8       = Gladiator's Triumphus
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1_8                  = Gladiator's Finale
|set1_piece_bonus_8      = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 8
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 8
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 8
|hp8                     = 25,883
|atk8                    = 2,420
|def8                    = 889
|em8                     = 0
|crit_rate8              = 5.0%
|crit_dmg8               = 50.0%
|er8                     = 100.0%
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|In the [[Primordial Sea]], face Narzissenkreuz's dream of salvation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Upon entering Genesis of a Certain Micro-Universe)
:'''Paimon:''' Is this... the Primordial Sea?

:'''???:''' The day of return has arrived...
:'''Paimon:''' Wh&mdash;Who was that?

;(Approach the end of the current)
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' I... I sense "reason." Visitors, are you the successors to Narzissenkreuz, or are you a threat?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' You have drawn your weapons. I see your answer.
:'''Ann:''' Narzissenkreuz...
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? This thing's Narzissenkreuz?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' If you have heard my name, then you know of my quest to save the world, and there is a chance that you can be saved.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' You draw your weapons at me only because you have been misled by untruths. But this is no time for me to waste my powers.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Wonder and rejoice. When all is over, I shall explain, I shall demonstrate. But now, place the Holy Blade in my hand and flee to safety.
:'''Paimon:''' We're not giving you the Holy Blade.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Foolish, foolish. But I forgive you and will save you nevertheless.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' I can sense that the four orthants have been reversed. But the tree of flowing is not yet complete.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' It is no longer possible to save everyone. I will extend my benevolence as far as possible, even if it makes an overdraft of my own life force.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' If only five in ten can be saved, I will strive to save six in ten.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Now, I shall come to take the Holy Blade.

;(At the start of the battle)
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Why are you so determined to oppose me? Do you not know that the [[Prophecy of Fontaine|apocalypse]] is nigh?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' ...Fine. The rites that shall save the world are unknown to mere mortals.

;(Before Narzissenkreuz casts Rain of Blades)
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Ah, it appears the violence of the mundane universe cannot compete with thee.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Allow me to show thee the essence of "immortality" and the judgment of the "Rain of Blades" that transcends the laws of the material world!
:'''Paimon:''' Waaah! What are we gonna do?

;(After entering the current)
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Does "Reason" guide your escape? Futile. You face the cracking and leaking of your very self within the amniotic sea.
:'''Paimon:''' So that means we need to avoid those rift-like things!
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' You dare not face the manifestation of your own shortcomings? Have you not the spine?
:'''Paimon:''' The Holy Blade is guiding us to go touch this... bubble? Uh... what the... Does it have some kinda deep, mysterious philosophical symbolism?

;(After using the holy blade's special attack)
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! What an amazing move! Paimon's gonna give it an amazing name!
:'''Paimon:''' Righto! It's hereby christened the "Kreuz Criss-Cross Cut!"

;(When Narzissenkreuz reaches 40% health)
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Is "Reason" that which grants you such strength?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' No, I have noticed. Have you always been in that realm that I pursue? O, you who are [[Descender|equal to a world]]!

;(After defeating Narzissenkreuz)
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Impossible... I had already reached the stage of "no return." How have I fallen to this point?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' And I have lost all control of the Primordial Sea.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Why, why has this happened? Why, why did you do this?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' The new world cannot be born. All will die in a shell, a husk of a dream!
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon reckons you're the one who should try waking up from your dream.
:'''Paimon:''' The end of the world is the kind of thing that everyone should work together to stop.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' I see. The Holy Blade is not on my side. With each swing, it cuts through the universal will that surrounds me.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Until, at last, my weak, ordinary self has returned to its physical body.
:{{DIcon}} The Primordial Sea won't overflow its banks so soon.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Indeed, I can sense changes in the values originally entered into the world-formula.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Someone has seized control of the life-force, and someone has opened the beast-realm.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' And then, there is one more variable. That is you.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' The person fated to see the [[All-Devouring Narwhal|all-consuming whale]] put to flight. The one who shall witness all.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' I see, I see.
;(If [[Masquerade of the Guilty]] has been completed)
:{{DIcon}} That creature has already been defeated.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' I should have sensed the changes in the values originally entered into the world-formula. A "[[Descender|variable]]" has descended upon this world.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Not everything from outside the universe can be called a "presence" or "variable."
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' But it seems I overlooked one nonetheless. You.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' The witness of all, the recorder of all, the designer of all.
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Only one who is worth a world can bear that title.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' I once dreamed of becoming one just like you. But that dream is now shattered.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' All I have done is meaningless. An empty dream.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' No, less than a dream, even. A dream is at least harmless. But I... No, you, and they... have paid so much for all I have done.
:'''Ann:''' Narzissenkreuz.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Oh, it's you. I didn't see you there.
:'''Ann:''' Do you know who I actually am?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Names are just labels. But yes, I am most familiar with the two colors that mix in your soul.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Director [[Lyris]] does not know what has happened. She just holds onto [[Mary-Ann]], who herself still clings to life.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' She cannot understand such a complex present and future, and hopes just to retain the past. And so, she does the only thing she can.
:'''Ann:''' My name is Ann.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' In that case, hello, Ann.
:'''Ann:''' I am willing to forgive you.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' What an odd thing to say. From the very start, my plans have had lofty and sacred aims. Selfishness has never come into it.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' None may judge or criticize me, nor do I need forgiveness.
:'''Ann:''' Your aims may have been lofty, but your insanity has harmed many.
:'''Ann:''' You did not even enter the formula correctly... and what's wrong with being forgiven for a mistake?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' ...You are right. I apologize.
:'''Ann:''' So please, Narzissenkreuz, come back with us. There are other people you need to see.
:'''Paimon:''' This guy seems to have become much more cooperative. But a request like that...
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Of course.
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Doesn't this sorta thing usually require some inner struggle and hours of persuasion?
;(If [[Masquerade of the Guilty]] has not been completed)
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' As I have said before, I do not feel that I have done anything wrong. My mission has failed, but the world is still fated to be saved.
;(If [[Masquerade of the Guilty]] has been completed)
::'''Narzissenkreuz:''' As I have said before, I do not feel that I have done anything wrong. My mission has failed, but the world has been saved nonetheless.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' Let others mock and curse me. I am empty within now. Only one desire remains.
:'''Paimon:''' What is it?
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' I, too, wish to return to the very beginning &mdash; to the time before the Narzissenkreuz heroes set off on their journey.
:'''Narzissenkreuz:''' But that's impossible. We are not masters of our own fate. I no longer even have the power to determine my own dreams.
:'''Ann:''' Well, Knight {{Traveler}}, when you're ready, we'll proceed to reseal the primordial waters, and then we'll leave this place.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Waking from the Great Dream}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}