{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Wanderer
|id             = 368160
|image          = Character Wanderer Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Wanderer''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Nothing better to do...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Ordinary.
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Home?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} You're the host...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A new day...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} It's you...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Huh...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Oh, it's you.
:{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I must apologize. I nearly mistook you for the type to leave your guests alone to fend for themselves.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' ...
::{{DIcon}} Wh&mdash;What is it?
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Hey, you own this place. What are you so nervous about? It's not a good look.
::{{DIcon}} If there's something you want to say, just say it.
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 02b.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Hmph.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' ...It's nothing. I was just thinking about something inane.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' In your, uh... realm, some areas are completely empty.
::{{DIcon}} There's no need to fill everything to the brim. Empty space has a beauty of its own.
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 05a 1.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' You're right. Look at me, coming around here, criticizing your lifestyle choices.
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 05a 2.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' It's generous of you to host me in your home. The least I could do is be grateful.
::{{DIcon}} I'd place more things if I could, but I can't.
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 05b 1.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I get it. There are always going to be those things that are just beyond our ability to manage.
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 05b 2.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' With some things, they improve over time. With other things, the most you can do is to maintain the status quo.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' This is your home. Arrange it as you wish.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I'm just another person passing through.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' You have the prerogative as the owner of this place. Let's hear it.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' ...What, were you expecting me to start the conversation? That's probably not going to happen.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' It's not so much that I have nothing to say... I just have nothing fun or positive to share.
::{{DIcon}} It's okay. I know what you're like.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' You make it sound like that's some kind of achievement... I'm pretty frank with everyone nowadays.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' ...Although that hasn't always been the case.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Do you know why I'm so fond of tea?
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' When I drank tea for the first time, all I tasted was bitterness. No matter how much I tried to drink, there was no sign of any kind of sweet aftertaste.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' At that time, I was sitting awkwardly by some bladesmiths. I was ignorant about the conventions for human conversation and their ways of life.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Someone poured out a cup for me, and for lack of anything else to do, I accepted it. Ended up downing one cup, then another, and then another...
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Hahaha... Now that I think back on it, they probably thought I genuinely liked to drink the stuff.
::{{DIcon}} And now?
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' ...And now that I've had a taste of just about every flavor in this world, I've found that actually... bitterness is the one I like best.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Spices are just added extras to mask a bland base, and all sweetness does is make the ugly truth easier to stomach... But bitterness is the true flavor of life. Raw and unadulterated.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I don't care for dressing things up to make them more palatable. Life is about learning to handle the truth.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Bitterness is what it is. It doesn't change because of what comes before or after it.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' There's no need to kid yourself into thinking that a bitter cup of tea will have a sweet aftertaste.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Why &mdash; you planning on helping me do it? Whatever it is?
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' In that case, I need to give this some thought. I wanna find out exactly where that line is... and then see how far you can be persuaded to bend it...
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Kidding.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Although the expression on your face was priceless, I'm not in the business to make you suffer just for my amusement.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' If you really have nothing better to do, why don't you go find something for me to eat?
::{{DIcon}} Do puppets need to eat?
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' It's not strictly necessary. Not for me, anyway.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' But I've always found dinner tables to be extremely fascinating.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Everyone's got their own agenda, but they all have to pretend to be cordial and considerate.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Ah... what I wouldn't give to take you to one of the Harbingers' banquets.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Hah, the extreme lengths they'll go to to get out of the missions they dislike...
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Hehe, it's truly a pity that only the two of us are here. A party of two won't have any good drama.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Anyway, I'm not picky, so I'll eat whatever you make.
::{{DIcon}} Still, give me something to work with.
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 13a 1.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Why don't you make some of your personal favorites?
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 13a 2.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' So even if it gets painfully awkward during our meal, we can still at least enjoy the food.
::{{DIcon}} Got it. I'll go prepare a whole feast of desserts!
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 13b 1.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' ...Okay, my mistake.
:::{{DIcon}} Eh? Why are you apologizing all of a sudden?
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 13b 2.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' That wasn't an apology!
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 13b 3.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I was just conceding an error in my judgment.
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 13b 4.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Anyway, it's probably a good thing that you have a mean streak.
:::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo friendship3 13b 5.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I don't think I could stand to be around you if you were completely incorruptible.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Good morning.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' A new day, a new life huh?
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' So, another ordinary day. Nothing wrong with that, I suppose.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Thank you for trying to look out for me. Go get some rest.
::{{A|vo wanderer mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I'm not done with today just yet.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Quiet Times by the Riverbank===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm wanderer vimaravillage 01.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' ...
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm wanderer vimaravillage 02.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Many, many years ago, back when I still harbored the wish to become human, I prayed that I would one day be able to lead a normal life.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm wanderer vimaravillage 03.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I never did fulfill that wish, but that doesn't mean I'm here pining ever harder for it to come true. Still... the fact that things didn't work out doesn't make my past self a fool for hoping in vain that they would, does it?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Chorus of Desert and Wood===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm wanderer vegetation 01.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' I always found the forests in Inazuma too gloomy, and the ones in Snezhnaya too frigid.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm wanderer vegetation 02.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' This one, though &mdash; seems warm, humid, teeming with life... Nothing to make me hate it so far.
:{{A|vo mimitomo xm wanderer vegetation 03.ogg}} '''(Wanderer):''' Why are you so surprised? I have good moods every once in a while too, you know.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Странник/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Avare/Konaklama]]