{{Weapon Series Infobox
|quality  = 4
|region  = Mondstadt
|region2 = Teyvat
|naming  = Musical
|lore    = [[Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)|Wanderer's Troupe]]
|other   = Base ATK: 42–510
}}
The '''Wanderer's Troupe Series''' ''(unofficial name)'' is a 4-star [[Weapon Series]]. The [[weapons]] are themed after the group of travelers called the [[Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)|Wanderer's Troupe]], whose stories are recorded in their respective weapons, as well as the artifact sets [[Wanderer's Troupe]] and [[Resolution of Sojourner]].

This series does not have a shared ability bonus, although all weapons of this series share the same Base [[ATK]] of '''42-510'''.

==Weapons==
{{Weapons by Category Table|type=Wanderer's Troupe Series}}

==Lore==
{{See also|Wanderer's Troupe (Faction)}}
These weapons were originally wielded by members of the Wanderer's Troupe, a group of people adept in both music and combat that existed towards the end of the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]]'s reign 1000 years ago. They traveled all over [[Teyvat]] and took in members from all over the continent. After seeing the state of the so-called [[Mondstadt City|"City of Freedom,"]] the Wanderer's Troupe led a failed attempt to rebel against the corrupt nobles.<ref name="Widsith">{{Ref/Weapon|The Widsith}}</ref> Over the course of the attempt, its members were either slain, enslaved, or otherwise punished, while their weapons were defaced to prevent them from making music.<ref name="WT">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Wanderer's Troupe}}</ref>

'''The Flute''' was wielded by the [[Dawnlight Swordswoman]], also known as the Sword Dancer, who was the first to join the Troupe after it was founded.<ref name="RoS">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Resolution of Sojourner}}</ref> After the failed rebellion, she was enslaved as a gladiator in the arena, where she eventually died. Before her death, she befriended [[Ragnvindr]] and inspired him to take a stand against the corrupt aristocracy. He buried The Flute with her body, and over the years, it became incapable of producing music.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Ballads of the Squire}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The Flute}}</ref>

'''The Bell''' was wielded by [[Kreuzlied]], an outcast from the [[Lawrence Clan]] which led the Mondstadt Aristocracy. He was the last to join the Troupe.<ref name="RoS" /> Unlike the rest of the Troupe, Kreuzlied was neither slain nor enslaved following the rebellion out of respect towards his lineage. Despite their failure, Kreuzlied did not give up on his goal of overthrowing his own family's rule, and created an underground society that would later provide aid to [[Vennessa]] and her rebellion. The Bell was soaked in acid to rust its gears and silence its music.<ref name="The Bell">{{Ref/Weapon|The Bell}}</ref>

'''The Widsith''' was wielded by the [[Conductor]], the co-founder of the Troupe alongside the [[Sojourner]]. He was slain during the attempted rebellion.<ref name="Widsith" /><ref name="WT" /> The fate of The Widsith, which was comprised of the songs the Troupe came up with during their travels, is unknown.

'''The Stringless''' was wielded by the [[Sojourner]], also known as the harpist, who was a popular archer in his homeland [[Fontaine]]. He was a co-founder of the Troupe alongside the Conductor. When the Troupe arrived in [[Mondstadt]], the Sojourner fell in love with the girl chosen as that year's [[Ludi Harpastum]] princess &mdash; in other words, chosen to be taken home by the scion of the [[Lawrence Clan]] and implied to be raped.<ref>Manga Prologue: Songs of the Wind, page 26<br>''That's not the end of it! After the feast... He'll take that poor lass home and...''</ref> Upon learning of her hapless fate, the Sojourner swore to free her, only to fall in battle during the Troupe's failed uprising.<ref name="RoS" /> Following his death, his bow's strings were cut so they would never play music again.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Weapon Series Navbox}}

[[es:Series de armas#Serie Orquesta del Errante]]
[[ja:大地を流浪する楽団シリーズ]]
[[ru:Серия Бродячий ансамбль]]
[[vi:Chuỗi Vũ Khí Đoàn Hát Lang Thang]]