{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Archon Quest C0A0 Wanderer's Trail.png
|id            = 00351
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = Prologue
|act           = Wanderer's Trail
|part          = 0
|summary       = The Traveler gets separated from his/her sibling and sealed upon confrontation with an unknown god. Later, the Traveler wakes up and rescues Paimon from water and the two set out on their journey in Teyvat.
|startLocation = [[Stormbearer Coast]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Stormbearer Point
|next          = Bird's Eye View
|exp           = 225
|mora          = 975
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|500}}
|characters    = Paimon;Traveler;Traveler's Sibling;Unknown God
|voiced        = yes
}}

'''Wanderer's Trail''' is an introductory quest for the [[Archon Quests]] and the tutorial quest for Genshin Impact. It serves to familiarize the player with basic character movements and actions and is the first mission that the player will complete.

==Steps==
# Go to [[Paimon]]
# Follow Paimon
#* The game will instruct the player on how to look around, zoom the camera, move, sprint, jump, and attack.
#* A Hydro Slime will appear as you walk towards Paimon.
# Unlock the [[Teleport Waypoint]]
#* Activate for additional [[Adventure EXP]].
# Go to the foot of the cliff
# Climb to the top of the rock face
#* The player may climb by simply approaching the rock face.

==Gameplay Notes==
* Wanderer's Trail does not appear in the [[Archive]]'s Travel Log.
* In-game, the quest's starting location is listed as "Coast to Watchtower, Mondstadt."

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The god took away your only kin, and you were sealed and cast into a deep slumber. Upon your awakening, you wandered alone for a time until you met a strange companion named Paimon, thus beginning your journey through the continent of Teyvat...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(The game begins with the opening cinematic; the [[Traveler]] and [[Traveler's Sibling|their sibling]] step onto a structure in the sky.)
:{{A|vo op cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... what you're trying to say is that you fell here... from another world?
:{{A|vo op cs paimon 02.ogg}} {{A|vo op cs paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But when you wanted to leave, and go on to the next world, your path was blocked by some unknown god?
:;(The [[Unknown God]] appears, blocking their path.)
:{{A|vo op cs kiana 01.ogg}} '''Unknown God:''' Outlanders, your journey ends here!
:{{A|vo op cs heroine 01.ogg}} '''Lumine:''' Who're you!?
:{{A|vo op cs kiana 02.ogg}} '''Unknown God:''' The sustainer of heavenly principles. The arrogation of mankind ends now.
:;(The twins battle with the Unknown God, but it is futile. The Traveler's sibling is engulfed by a swarm of red-and-black cubes and condensed into a single cube in the god's hand.)
:'''(Traveler):''' {{MC|Lumine|Aether|mc=1}}!
:;(The Traveler tries to take back their sibling, only to be engulfed themselves.)
:'''(Traveler):''' Wait! Don't go! Give my {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}} back!
----
:{{A|vo op cs hero 04.ogg}} {{A|vo op cs heroine 05.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' And just like that, the god took away my {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}}.
:{{A|vo op cs hero 05.ogg}} {{A|vo op cs heroine 06.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' Some kind of seal was cast upon me, and I lost my power. {{MC|So while we used to travel from world to world|So whilst we used to cross world after world|mc=1}}, we are now trapped here.
:{{A|vo op cs hero 06.ogg}} {{A|vo op cs heroine 07.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' How many years ago was it? I don't know...
:{{A|vo op cs hero 07.ogg}} {{A|vo op cs heroine 08.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' But I intend to find out.
:{{A|vo op cs hero 08.ogg}} {{A|vo op cs heroine 09.ogg}} '''(Traveler):''' {{MC|When I woke, I was all alone &mdash; until I met you two months ago...|After I awoke, I was all alone &mdash; right up until I met you two months ago.|mc=1}}
:{{A|vo op cs paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, Paimon really owes you for that. Otherwise Paimon likely would have drowned...
:{{A|vo op cs paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, Paimon will do her best to be a great guide!
:{{A|vo op cs paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should head off. Let's get going!

;(Upon approaching the cliff)
:{{A|vo mdaq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The path ends here &mdash; guess we'll just have to {{Color|buzzword|climb}}.
:{{A|vo_tips_paimon_01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' {{Color|buzzword|Climbing}} depletes {{Color|buzzword|stamina}}, and depleted stamina takes time to recover!
:{{A|vo mdaq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, let's take the route we planned!
:{{A|vo mdaq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're off to... a Statue of The Seven!
:{{A|vo mdaq003 7 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Which of The Seven are you looking for exactly?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Tutorial==
{{Transclude|Tutorial/Wanderer's Trail}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wanderer's Trail
|zhs     = 流浪者的足迹
|zhs_rm  = Liúlàngzhě de Zújì
|zht     = 流浪者的足跡
|zht_rm  = Liúlàngzhě de Zújī
|zh_tl   = Wanderer's Footprints
|ja      = 流浪者の足跡
|ja_rm   = Rurou-sha no Ashiato{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Wanderer's Footprints
|ko      = {{tt|방랑자|流浪者}}의 발자취
|ko_rm   = Bangrangja-ui Baljachwi
|ko_tl   = Wanderer's Footprints
|es      = Camino del errante
|es_tl   = Path of the Wanderer
|fr      = Sur les traces du nomade<!-- needs to be checked ingame because it was written in the v3.2 patchnote, but never made it to the v3.3-->
|fr_tl   = On the Traces of the Nomad
|ru      = Следы странника
|ru_tl   = Wanderer's Footprints
|th      = รอยเท้าของผู้พเนจร
|th_rm   = Roi thao khong phupnachen
|th_tl   = Footprints of a Wanderer
|vi      = Dấu Chân Kẻ Lang Thang
|vi_tl   = Wanderer Footprints
|de      = Spuren eines Wanderers
|de_tl   = Trails of a Wanderer
|id      = Jejak Pengembara
|id_tl   = Wanderer's Trail
|pt      = Trilha do Viajante
|pt_tl   = Trail of the Traveler
|pt_note = "Trilha do Viajante" specifically refers to a male traveler
|tr      = Gezginin Ayak İzleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sentiero del vagabondo
|it_tl   = Path of the Wanderer
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[de:Spuren eines Wanderers]]
[[fr:Sur les traces du nomade]]
[[id:Jejak Pengembara]]
[[ja:放浪者の足跡]]
[[pt-br:Trilha do Viajante]]
[[ru:Следы странника]]
[[vi:Dấu Chân Kẻ Lang Thang]]