{{About|the faction|the artifact set|Wanderer's Troupe}}
{{Faction Infobox
|title        = Wanderer's Troupe
|image        = 
|caption      = 
|leader       = The [[Conductor]]
|ally         = 
|enemy        = [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]]
|base         = 
}}
The '''Wanderer's Troupe''', also known as the '''Swordsman's Troupe''', was a group of people adept in both music and combat that traveled all over [[Teyvat]] a thousand years ago. Their most notable act was their failed rebellion against the [[Mondstadt Aristocracy]], during which its members either met their demise in battle or were punished afterwards, leading to the group's disbandment.

Their story is attested to in the [[Wanderer's Troupe]] and [[Resolution of Sojourner]] artifact sets, as well as the [[Wanderer's Troupe Series]] weapons.

==Story==
Little is known about the formation of the Wanderer's Troupe. All that is known is that the [[Conductor]] and the [[Sojourner]] met first, followed by the [[Dawnlight Swordswoman]], and then [[Kreuzlied]].<ref name="RoS">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Resolution of Sojourner}}</ref> Whether there were more unnamed members is currently unknown.

The group traveled around Teyvat, even once entering [[Mare Jivari]] to perform for their "foes."<ref name="WT">{{Ref/ArtiSet|Wanderer's Troupe}}</ref> Its members similarly came from all over Teyvat, though only the Sojourner and Kreuzlied's nationalities are known; the Sojourner was a famous figure in [[Fontaine]],<ref name="TS">{{Ref/Weapon|The Stringless}}</ref> while Kreuzlied was born to Mondstadt's [[Lawrence Clan]] but ultimately split from them.<ref name="TB">{{Ref/Weapon|The Bell}}</ref>

The Wanderer's Troupe eventually ended their journey in Mondstadt, around the time of [[Ludi Harpastum]]. There, the Sojourner fell in love with the maiden chosen to throw the ball at the end of the festival &mdash; after which she would be claimed by a member of the tyrannical Lawrence Clan.<ref name="TS" /> Unable to tolerate such injustice, the Wanderer's Troupe stormed the city in hopes of overthrowing the aristocracy. They failed, however; the Conductor and Sojourner died in battle, while the Dawnlight was enslaved as a gladiator and Kreuzlied's punishment was left unknown.

While the Wanderer's Troupe has largely been forgotten, the Dawnlight and Kreuzlied both had a major influence on Mondstadt's ultimate liberation from the aristocracy. The Sword Dancer befriended [[Ragnvindr]], then a squire under Mondstadt's knight order, and inspired him to take a stand against the corrupt nobles &mdash; he derived his title, the Dawn Knight, from her own moniker, Dawnlight.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|The Flute}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|Ballads of the Squire|2}}</ref> Meanwhile, Kreuzlied established an underground society aimed at taking down the aristocracy, using it to aid [[Vennessa]] when she rebelled.<ref name="TB" />

==Members==
* The [[Conductor]] (wielder of [[The Widsith]])
* The [[Sojourner]] (the Harpist, wielder of [[The Stringless]])
* The [[Dawnlight Swordswoman]] (the Sword Dancer, wielder of [[The Flute]])
* [[Kreuzlied]] (wielder of [[The Bell]])

==Trivia==
* In the [[Manga]] Prologue, when the apple vendor warns [[Venti]] about the aristocracy, Venti envisions the silhouettes of three unnamed people; they are likely members of the Wanderer's Troupe who had, by that point, tried and failed to oust the aristocracy.<ref>Manga, Prologue: [https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/manga/detail/71?mute=1 Song of the Winds]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|Wanderer's Troupe|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{Faction Navbox}}

[[ja:大地を流浪する楽団（集団）]]
[[pt-br:Trupe Itinerante (Facção)]]
[[ru:Странствующий ансамбль (группа)]]
[[vi:Đoàn Hát Lang Thang Đại Lục (Phe Phái)]]