{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19173
|image         = Hangout Event Wanderings of a Lonesome Shadow.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Faruzan
|actNum        = I
|act           = A Confounding Conundrum
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[Pardis Dhyai]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = Pardis Dhyai
|requirement   = 
|prev          = A Mysterious Senior...?
|next          = 
|next2         = 
|characters    = Bakr; Bandak; Collei; Faruzan; Karkata; Raed; Tamimi; Tighnari; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Wanderings of a Lonesome Shadow''' is a quest in [[Faruzan]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[A Confounding Conundrum]].

==Steps==
# Return to [[Pardis Dhyai]]
# Find [[Tighnari]]
# Enter Pardis Dhyai
# Talk with Tighnari as you wait for the results
# Go to the northeast of [[Hypostyle Desert]]
# Go to the evacuation site
# Ask the villagers for information (0/3)
# Organize the gathered information with [[Faruzan]]
# Go to the makeshift camp
# Rest at the camp
# Go to the evacuation site
# Return to the temporary camp
# Talk to Faruzan
# Investigate the fallen Machine Wreckage
# Talk to Faruzan
# Return to Pardis Dhyai
# Talk to Tighnari
# Wait until one day later
# Enter Pardis Dhyai
# Talk to Faruzan

==Gameplay Notes==
* The ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[To You in a Hundred Years]]'' is granted for reading all three letters sent to Faruzan during [[#Thoughts That Wandered For a Century|Thoughts That Wandered For a Century]].

==Dialogue==
===A Greater Problem===
{{Quest Description|After getting free of her academic tangles, Faruzan decides to first go to Pardis Dhyai...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Return to Pardis Dhyai)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917302 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Master, we're back! ...Huh? Where did he go?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917302 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' You don't have to shout. I can hear you.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917302 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, you got here much faster than I expected. I thought you'd have a lot more business to take care of.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917302 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Thanks to (Traveler), I was able to, uh... pawn off various problems of mine onto others.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917302 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Onto others? What does that mean...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917302 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Uh... We can discuss that later. You're looking for me because of the "thing" you mentioned in the letter, right?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917302 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' That's right. Please, follow me.

;(Enter Pardis Dhyai)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...
:{{DIcon}} Karkata!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' A m&mdash;monster? Why is there a monster here!?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Don't be scared, Collei. This is the mechanical life form (Traveler) and I saved a while back. Its name is Karkata.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...It's the final work of a late junior of mine.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You mean Abattouy? He must've been a genius to create one of such polish all by himself.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It's uncommon that a Spantamad researcher is able to create such an intricate machine. If he were still around, we could probably chat the day away. What a shame...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm? Something seems wrong here. Have you been maintaining it? Mechanical life forms are much more fragile than they look.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Is Karkata... sick?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Karkata has been lying down like this since a few days ago. It could be an old malfunction acting up again.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I've taken a few courses conducted by Spantamad before, so I've managed to perform some... passable repairs on Karkata's energy supply module. However, it seems the issue this time is with its transmission.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' My knowledge can only prevent its condition from deteriorating any further, but Madam Faruzan, you should be able to find a way to repair it.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Not necessarily. Mechanical life forms are created using techniques from alchemy, elemental science, and more.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' There are multiple modules here that influence each other. A simplistic knowledge of mechanisms will not serve here. You know that as well.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Each mechanical life form is very different from the next, so even I cannot be sure if my understanding of mechanical life forms is going to be of any use to our little crab friend here.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Karkata...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' *sigh* Can you all go outside for a minute? I need a bit of space. Before I do a thorough check, everything we've just said is but conjecture.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917303 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Alright. We're counting on you, Madam Faruzan.

;(Talk to Karkata or Faruzan again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Who knew that I'd encounter a mechanical life form in this manner after a hundred years?

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Faruzan, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' (Mechanical life forms... are truly incredible.)

;(Talk to Collei again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' I didn't know mechanical life forms could get sick, too... You have to get better soon, Karkata!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Collei, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' (Hope you feel better soon, Karkata!)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Tighnari, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (I hope Karkata will recover quickly.)

;(Talk with Tighnari as you wait for the results)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We'll wait here till Faruzan finishes her inspection. In the meantime, I'd like to talk to you about her.
:{{DIcon}} I also wanted to ask about her past...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Her past, huh? Quite a few people in the Akademiya know about what happened to her. Perhaps it'd be best if I'm the one to tell you.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I've told you before that she disappeared for 100 years, right? From her perspective, "trapped" might be a more apt description.
:{{DIcon}} Trapped?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Her exact words were...

:'''"That ruin was crawling with traps and coded inscriptions from wall to wall."'''

:'''"I did all I could to decipher the code and deactivate the traps to escape the ruin, but there was no way out."'''

:'''"I lost track of time, and I ran out of pen and paper. In the end, I had to use stone shards to write on the walls and on the floor to decipher the code."'''

:'''"Then, before I realized it, I ran out of space on the walls and the floor. I had to calculate all the possibilities in my mind."'''

:'''"After that, my memory started to become fuzzy, and my cognition slowed down."'''

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' She doesn't remember anything else, including the location of the ruin and how she finally managed to escape.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 06.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' When she was found in the outskirts of Sumeru a few years ago, she looked exactly the same as she did 100 years prior. However, she was in a stupor and struggled to form sentences. Only after a lengthy recovery period could she speak again.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 07.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' The Akademiya speculates that she must have gotten trapped in an unknown ruin while researching machines a century ago.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 08.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And because of the ruin's special properties that halted her aging, she was able to use those 100 years to crack the trapping mechanism and then escape.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 09.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Though she had finally broken free, one hundred years had passed &mdash; everyone she knew and everyone who knew her was already gone...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 10.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' In the end, even the Akademiya had to rely on century-old records in the Akasha to confirm her existence...
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 11.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Don't make that face. I'm not telling you this because I want to drum up sympathy. She wouldn't want others to pity her because of past events.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 12.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Rather, she sees that period of entrapment as an experimental error. As a researcher, she must accept everything that results from her experiments, even if they don't fall within expectations.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 13.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Even after going through so much, she's returned to Sumeru and still hasn't given up on her research.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 14.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Due to changes over the years and drift in academic subjects, she holds some rather strong opinions about the current Akademiya, and she has no shortage of detractors herself.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 15.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' What I want to say is that no matter what era we're in, Faruzan is a true senior researcher &mdash; in every sense of the word.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 16.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' She has her own deep understanding of various ruins and machines. If there's a chance, you should talk about them with her. It'll definitely be helpful for your journey.
:{{DIcon}} I see.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Master, Madam Faruzan's done!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 17.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh? Let's head over. With any luck, she might have figured something out.

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Phew. I never thought that I'd encounter a Restitution Module once again after 100 years. Abattouy really installed quite a few impressive things on this.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' If my guess is correct, this mechanical life form has displayed attempts at "self-sustenance" before, right? Such as collecting parts to repair itself, for instance.
:{{DIcon}} It has collected parts before, yes...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 18.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' It used them for something else, but as far as its design goes, it does have a function like that.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I knew it. If I'm not wrong, Karkata's issue lies with its Restitution Module.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Abattouy's modified this module extensively, but the core parts and design philosophy are very similar to the principles as I know them &mdash; they are all based on principles learned from the ruins.
:{{DIcon}} From the ruins?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The creators of the "ruins machine" once tried to create a perpetual mechanism that could replace life or even surpass it.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The Restitution Module is the result of one of their countless attempts.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It replicates the behavior of living things to achieve a self-repair function. However, the energy required and maintenance of the module became an issue.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Energy consumption? Maintenance?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' For example, a living thing's heart can deliver nutrients and blood to various organs. However, the bigger the living thing, the more powerful the heart needs to be.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Once the heart is damaged, it'll be hard for that living thing to heal itself, and even the function of other organs can be affected. Thus, the attempt wasn't widely adopted.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Even 100 years ago, I'd only seen it once before... Oh dear, this is going to be a problem.
:{{DIcon}} Why's that?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Based on my current research, I'll need to swap out the damaged parts in the Restitution Module to repair Karkata.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 17.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' But like I just said, the module is rare, even by the standards of ancient machines. Not only that, but there is very little related research documentation available.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 18.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Finding suitable parts would be like trying to find a single gear in the vast desert, to say nothing of the difficulty in making those parts from scratch.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 19.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' *sigh* One can only wonder where Abattouy found the original parts...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 19.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I might have an idea. Abattouy was, for a time, quite passionate about excavating the Great Red Sand. This was when he had just gotten expelled from the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 20.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You mean to say he found a Restitution Module in the desert? Hmm... That is indeed possible...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' But the desert's huge! How are we supposed to find the parts that Karkata needs?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 21.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' According to the Akademiya's records, no similar parts have been found in the Great Red Sand over the past 100 years. If we want to try our luck, we'll have to explore ruins that have never been explored before.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 20.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' I do know that a Vahumana researcher formed an expedition team after the sandstorms and earthquakes subsided. They are now exploring areas of the desert that used to be difficult to access.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 collei 04.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Should we ask them if they've made any new discoveries lately?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 22.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The chances are slim, but it's at least more effective than running around like headless chickens.
:{{DIcon}} What's the lead researcher's name?
:{{DIcon}} Where is the archaeology team currently stationed?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 21.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' His name is Raed. I think he's stationed at the northeast part of the Hypostyle Desert. Let's go look for him once Karkata settles down.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 23.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh, you and Collei should probably stay. Karkata's condition may be stable, but it would still be better if some of us stay to look after it.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 24.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Besides, you still need to take care of the "trouble" that the Akademiya left for me.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 tighnari 22.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' "Trouble" from the Akademiya? I thought you said you pawned it off to someone else. Wait, don't tell me...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917304 faruzan 25.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hehe. I'll let Collei fill you in on the details. I look forward to seeing your work, Tighnari.

;(Talk to Tighnari, Collei, or Karkata again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' A "Fully Automated Irrigation System"... That's quite the task.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Master, can I help with anything at all? I can go buy things, prepare pen and paper...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Oh, you know, I seem to remember that you have a lot of homework today.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Huh? O&mdash;Oh, yeah, I do...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Well, hurry up and finish it so you can sleep early, or Faruzan will worry. That's the best thing you can do now to help.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh... Okay...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...

;(Continue to [[#The Ruin Wanderer|The Ruin Wanderer]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===The Ruin Wanderer===
{{Quest Description|update|You come to the desert to find the parts needed to fix Karkata...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the evacuation site in the northeast of Hypostyle Desert)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Bakr, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 bakr 01.ogg}} '''Bakr:''' (What do these people want? I'll let Mr. Raed deal with them.)

;(Talk to the Chatty Villager, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 chattyvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' That huge machine looks amazing!

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on the Chatty Villager, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 chattyvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' (...Could the rumors really be true?)

;(Talk to the Tired Villager, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 tiredvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Tired Villager:''' Ugh... So we still can't go back to Aaru Village?

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on the Tired Villager, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 tiredvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Tired Villager:''' (So tired... I just want to go home...)

;(Talk to the Curious Villager, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917306 curiousvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Curious Villager:''' Just what are they digging for?

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on the Curious Villager, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 curiousvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Curious Villager:''' (They won't even let us go near the camp...)

;(Approach the machine wreckage)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' What is this?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 bakr 01.ogg}} '''Bakr:''' Halt! Mr. Raed's permission is required to proceed any further!
:{{DIcon}} We're not outsiders.
:{{DIcon}} She's a researcher from the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 bakr 02.ogg}} '''Bakr:''' That still won't do. Mr. Raed told us to keep people away from the ruins, so they don't damage the site.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Damage the site? I've excavated more ruins than you've visited restaurants! Which batch of students is Raed from? I want to see him right now.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 bakr 03.ogg}} '''Bakr:''' He isn't at the campsite now. You should all leave. Only he can give you permission to enter.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Tsk. What a stubborn guy.
:{{DIcon}} We can't just waste our time here like this.
:{{DIcon}} Let's wait for that researcher to come back first.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Mm, you're right. Even if there is new information, we still have to wait for him to come back so we can ask him about it. So let's just see what we can find out from the people here.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917305 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmph. I'm going to give that Raed a good talking to when he gets back &mdash; starting from "who in the world mentored you."

;(Talk to Bakr again or approach the machine wreckage, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 bakr 01.ogg}} '''Bakr:''' Halt! Mr. Raed's permission is required to proceed any further!

;(Talk to the Chatty Villager)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 chattyvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' That machine looks amazing! Could it be the legendary Ruin Wanderer?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 chattyvillagers 02.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' The location seems to fit too... Might that legend actually be true?

;(Talk to the Tired Villager)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 tiredvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Tired Villager:''' The ruins? Don't know anything. We were only hired to deliver water and supplies to them.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 tiredvillagers 02.ogg}} '''Tired Villager:''' Forget excavation &mdash; they won't even let us get close to the camp where they're staying.

;(Talk to the Curious Villager)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 curiousvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Curious Villager:''' This area used to be ravaged by frequent sandstorms, but it's been calm lately for some reason...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 curiousvillagers 02.ogg}} '''Curious Villager:''' They say that this was done by a single traveler? But seriously, is such a thing even humanly possible?

;(Organize the gathered information with Faruzan)
:'''After asking around, Faruzan starts to organize the information she has gathered...'''

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Well, I've found out everything I could. Is there anything that stands out to you?
:{{DIcon}} The hired villagers from Aaru Village...
::{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The villagers were hired to deliver supplies, but they haven't been allowed near the campsite. That's definitely odd.
::{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' That said, I'm more concerned about this "Ruin Wanderer" they speak of.
:{{DIcon}} The sandstorms dispersing...
::{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' To be honest, the ruins were difficult to excavate in the past, but they really are much safer now, thanks to you.
::{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' That said, I'm more concerned about this "Ruin Wanderer" they speak of.
:{{DIcon}} This machine they speak of...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' "Ruin Wanderer"... That's the first time I've heard that name. But that wreckage did seem a bit weird...
:{{DIcon}} What's so weird about it?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...It's a bit far away, and I can't really say for sure from this distance. Perhaps we should ask the villager from before about the "legend" first.

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' Huh? What are you guys doing back here?
:{{DIcon}} I want to learn more about the legend of the Ruin Wanderer...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 02.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' Haha, I wouldn't blame you for not knowing about it, youngsters. After all, it's a tale that's over a decade old.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 03.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' It's said that this monster, the Ruin Wanderer, traversed through various ruins for centuries! Many adventurers had claimed to see it while exploring!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 04.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' Some said that it was like a giant, while others said that it was like a beast. However, none knew why it wandered the ruins.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 05.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' Then, about ten years ago, we stopped hearing any news about it in Sumeru. No one has seen it since then, and the legend has since faded into memory.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 06.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' You youngsters probably don't know about the Ruin Wanderer nowadays, but it was famous for centuries!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Centuries? Impossible! I heard nothing about it back then. It can only have been around for a few decades at most!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 07.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' Wait, "back then"...?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Indulge my curiosity for a moment. Why do you think that wreckage is the "Ruin Wanderer"?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 08.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' Well, I had also heard that second-hand from&mdash;
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 01.ogg}} '''???:''' You heard that nonsense from the Eremites after they got drunk, right?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm? Who are you?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 02.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Madam Faruzan, it is a pleasure. I'm Raed, the one who organized this archaeological expedition.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 03.ogg}} '''Raed:''' I'd heard of you at the Akademiya, but I didn't expect to run into you here. Truly, it is an honor.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 04.ogg}} '''Raed:''' And this must be the famous (Traveler), I presume? What brings the two of you here?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Have you found any special contraptions and relics in the ruins that you've been investigating?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 05.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Uh, I'm ashamed to say that we haven't found anything noteworthy, even though we've been investigating for a while now...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Really? That "Ruin Wanderer" isn't noteworthy to you?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 06.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Heh, I'm afraid those are mere rumors. Really, I sometimes wish that those people would put as much effort into their work as they do into gossiping.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 chattyvillagers 09.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' Uh, haha... You're right, sir. I'll get back to work now.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 07.ogg}} '''Raed:''' The wise do not buy into rumors, so it is said. I believe that you too, Madam Faruzan, do not put any stock into such baseless talk?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It is also said that real knowledge shall come from practice. I can help you research the excavated relics and see if I can find out anything new about them.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You can take credit for any new discoveries &mdash; I believe this offer to be sufficiently attractive?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 08.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Uh... In truth, I could ask for nothing better than your help with our research.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 09.ogg}} '''Raed:''' However, you two must be tired after a long journey. I'd feel bad if I set you to work immediately.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 10.ogg}} '''Raed:''' It's getting late and my subordinates and I are heading back to the camp to rest. Why don't you find a place to spend the night first? We can continue our discussion tomorrow.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 raed 11.ogg}} '''Raed:''' There's a tent that the villagers occasionally use to rest. It's a bit simple, yes, but I hope you won't mind.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917309 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Since you need to rest as well, let's do just that.

;(Talk to Raed again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 raed 01.ogg}} '''Raed:''' There's a tent that the villagers occasionally use to rest. Like I said, it's a bit simple, yes, but I hope you won't mind.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Raed, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 raed 01.ogg}} '''Raed:''' (Tsk, why now of all times...?)

;(Continue to [[#Suspicion Abounds|Suspicion Abounds]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Suspicion Abounds===
{{Quest Description|update|After getting free of her academic tangles, Faruzan decides to first go to Pardis Dhyai...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the makeshift camp and rest)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmph, this is quite far away. Are they trying to prevent the villagers from eavesdropping on them? This suits us just fine though. This way, they won't overhear our conversations either.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Now, I have my suspicions about this archaeological expedition team and that machine wreckage. I only caught a quick glimpse, and it was from a distance...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...But based on the condition of the armor and joints, it didn't seem like something that had been lying around for centuries. At most, I'd estimate that it only stopped moving about a dozen years ago.
:{{DIcon}} A dozen years ago?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Yes. The timing coincides with the spreading of the legend. Now, assuming that it really is the "Ruin Wanderer"...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' How do you suppose it was able to maintain a relatively good condition despite high-intensity operation over the course of several decades?
:{{DIcon}} The Restitution Module!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' That's right. Technically speaking, the module shouldn't be able to move such a large machine chassis. However, I'm basing my knowledge on the mechanical life forms I've seen before...
:{{DIcon}} You've seen such life forms before?
:{{DIcon}} You've encountered others besides Karkata?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Well, this was over 100 years ago. It was a machine about the same size as Karkata, actually. It couldn't carry heavy objects or fight, and was only able to help me record some notes.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It also helped me deliver letters home. I found it near the desert, which is why I wondered if there might be more Restitution Modules buried around here.
:{{DIcon}} (A mechanical life form from 100 years ago...)
:{{DIcon}} (Is it no longer around?)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Honestly, people in ancient times might have already solved the problem of providing enough power for all I know. I'll need to research this properly...
:{{DIcon}} Why didn't you go and investigate earlier?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Had I confronted Raed right there and then, he would have said that he couldn't tell that the machine was special. Then he'd just hand it over to the Akademiya obediently... and he'd get away scot-free.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' If the wreckage were to be handed to the Akademiya, it'd be much tougher for us to do research on it or get spare parts for Karkata.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Anyway, we should figure out what they're planning before making our next move.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' They insisted that we should stay the night, which means if they're trying to pull a fast one on us, they're likely to try it tonight. We must be vigilant.

:'''As the night goes on, you hear faint sounds in the distance...'''

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Are those sounds coming from the excavation site? Hah. I knew they wouldn't be able to wait. They must be scared that we might discover something tomorrow.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Not a single person guarding the campsite? This must be quite the manpower expenditure.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'll see if they left any clues behind at their camp. Keep watch and help me stall them if it comes to that, would you?
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917310 faruzan 17.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Alright. I'm counting on you.

;(Go to the evacuation site)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 01.ogg}} '''Raed:''' ...Why isn't the "tent" here yet? We need to switch it out tonight!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 bandak 01.ogg}} '''Bandak:''' I&mdash;It's still on the way. I'm afraid this is the first time we're delivering such a huge one...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 02.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Hmph! You good-for-nothings are just a load of trouble, aren't you? We wouldn't have to deal with these interlopers if you had kept those lips of yours from flapping!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 03.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Hurry up and hide our current "tent," and deliver the new one to me tonight no matter what it takes!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 bakr 01.ogg}} '''Bakr:''' Huh? Who's there?
:{{DIcon}} It's me.
:{{DIcon}} (Traveler).
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 04.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Uh, Ahem! I'm sorry. I'm just a bit upset because my subordinates aren't doing their jobs properly. When did you get here?
:{{DIcon}} What's the tent you mentioned, if I might ask?
:{{DIcon}} What's this delivery I hear you're having trouble with?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 05.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Uh, it's nothing. Just a tent. We didn't pack up all our tents from the last campsite. Some of them, along with a few people, have been left there.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 06.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Someone damaged our current tent, so I'm trying to get my subordinates to get one from that previous campsite delivered here.
:{{DIcon}} And you're discussing that over here because...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 07.ogg}} '''Raed:''' The relics in the ruins are highly valuable, so I'm worried that Treasure Hoarders and bandits might try to steal them. Since the tent isn't here yet and I can't fall asleep, I came here to patrol.
:{{DIcon}} There are people who'd steal these relics?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 08.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Heh. Well, these things are antiques, after all. There will always be people interested in buying them. I hired so many people precisely because I was worried about that happening.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 09.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Speaking of which, I'd like to ask... Is the Akademiya really aware that you've traversed through the desert to come here in the middle of the night?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 10.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Also, where's Faruzan? Why isn't she with you?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'm right here. Also, you forgot to address me as "Madam."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 11.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Ahem! Sorry... Madam Faruzan.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...You were all making so much noise that I couldn't sleep, which was why I got (Traveler) to find out what was going on. But for some reason, that one task took forever, so I came to check in on the situation.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 raed 12.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Ah, I'm very sorry for disturbing your rest. I'll tell my subordinates to be quieter on patrol.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Good. Come on, (Traveler), let's head back.
:{{DIcon}} We're heading back already?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Yes. We came to check out the situation, didn't we? Well, we've already done that.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917311 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' We should get better rest so that we'll have energy to investigate tomorrow.
:'''(Traveler):''' (Hmm?)
:'''(Traveler):''' (Was I mistaken?)

;(Talk to Raed again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 raed 01.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Ah, sorry for disturbing your rest. I'll tell my subordinates to be quieter in the future.

;(Examine the machine wreckage, optional)
:'''Machine Wreckage:''' (The wreckage of the huge machine remains motionless...)

;(Continue to [[#Thoughts That Wandered For a Century|Thoughts That Wandered For a Century]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Thoughts That Wandered For a Century=== 
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Return to the temporary camp and talk to Faruzan)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Thanks for dealing with them.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Now, I found something good on my end. These are the excavation records from their campsite.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' According to them, the ruins have been raided before, with numerous traps and contraptions having already been triggered.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I also observed the wreckage up close earlier. The weathering is nowhere near as extensive as on the relics that have been buried for over a hundred years.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' There's no doubt that the wreckage and the ruins don't belong to the same era. Instead, it must have "wandered" into the ruins about a dozen years ago.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It could've fallen into a trap or encountered a glitch within the ruins, remaining stationary like that until it was discovered recently.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' However, I still don't know why they'd want to hide it. I have no doubt that the researcher could definitely reach the same conclusion I did.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The last few pages of the excavation records are written in code, which I still need time to decipher. The answer may lie within those pages.
:{{DIcon}} You can decipher coded messages?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Heh. It's just wordplay &mdash; and if anything, that's my wheelhouse.

:'''Faruzan gets to work deciphering the code...'''

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm... Just a bit more... Ah, I see now...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 bandak 01.ogg}} '''Bandak:''' H&mdash;Help, please help!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 raed 02.ogg}} '''Raed:''' W&mdash;Why are you running away? Come back! Protect me!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' What's that sound? Is it&mdash;
:'''???:''' ...!!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The Ruin Wanderer... reactivated!?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' That's impossible! Is this the work of some kind of hidden mechanism? ...Never mind, we have to focus on saving lives first! I'll cover them. You go stall the Ruin Wanderer!
:'''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' What? It ignored (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 bandak 02.ogg}} '''Bandak:''' Why is it chasing after us!?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' What could have caused it to reactivate? And to give chase...?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 raed 03.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Darn it! Hey, come on, you lot! It's clear that we can't escape, so let's just attack it!
:'''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917312 faruzan 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 bakr 01.ogg}} '''Bakr:''' I&mdash;It stopped?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 01.ogg}} '''Raed:''' ...Hey! You guys! Get up there and tell me what's going on!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 bandak 01.ogg}} '''Bandak:''' But what if it suddenly moves...?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 02.ogg}} '''Raed:''' You... You good-for-nothings! Why is everyone I hired so useless? Move! I'll do it myself!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 03.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Hmph. Looks like this thing's parts can't handle the load of functioning anymore after years of disrepair.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 04.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Tch. When it first reactivated, I was wondering if it'd be as amazing as the legends had pegged it to be. I didn't expect it to be so much weaker than it looks. How disappointing.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Disappointing, you say? Now, is that because you won't be able to sell it for much?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 05.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Uh... Faruzan, you may be my senior as an Akademiya researcher, but that doesn't mean you get to slander me!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You wrote these "excavation records," did you not? Or perhaps calling it a "ledger" might jog your memory a bit better...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 06.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Uh... I&mdash;I don't recognize that thing...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' "January 3rd: Excavated five tents."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' "January 5th: Three tents sold."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' "January 10th, 1 special tent pre-sold. It must quickly be switched out with an old tent..."
:{{DIcon}} So "tent"...
:{{DIcon}} ...Is your code name for relics?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You're supposed to be an archaeological expedition team, and yet here you are, secretly selling the relics and profiting from it.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' When you believed that you had found the wreckage of the "Ruin Wanderer," you tried to switch in wreckage that you had excavated previously to pull the wool over the Akademiya's eyes.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' After all, there would probably be many wealthy buyers interested in purchasing the legendary "Ruin Wanderer" in the black market, yes? And then we arrived, just before you could finish your work.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' That forced you to speed up your plan and you tried to complete the switch overnight before I could investigate the wreckage. In your haste, however, you accidentally activated the "Ruin Wanderer" instead. Did I get that all right?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 07.ogg}} '''Raed:''' I&mdash;I don't know what you're talking about!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You lack the curiosity befitting a man of knowledge, nor do you have respect for mechanical life forms. You're not fit to be a researcher!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 08.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Ridiculous! Curiosity? Respect? I'm not here to hear you preach! Hey, we're leaving!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 bakr 02.ogg}} '''Bakr:''' Mr. Raed!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 bandak 02.ogg}} '''Bandak:''' B&mdash;Behind you...
:'''???:''' ...!!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 raed 09.ogg}} '''Raed:''' Aaahh... Ahhh!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 bandak 03.ogg}} '''Bandak:''' Why is it moving again!? Ruuun!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Faruzan!
:{{DIcon}} Watch out&mdash;
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...
;(Flashback starts)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 chattyvillagers 01.ogg}} '''Chatty Villager:''' Some said that it was like a giant, while others said that it was like a beast. However, none knew why it wandered the ruins.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Technically speaking, the module shouldn't be able to move such a large machine chassis. However, I'm basing my knowledge on the mechanical life forms I've seen before...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Centuries? Impossible! I heard nothing about it back then. It can only have been around for a few decades at most!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 bandak 04.ogg}} '''Bandak:''' Why is it chasing after us!?
;(Flashback ends)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...So, you've been looking for me this whole time?
:'''???:''' ...
:'''???:''' ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 tamimi upset 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Kolu...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917313 faruzan 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Long time no see, Tamimi.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Faruzan, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' (...)

;(Read the Yellowed Note)
:'''Yellowed Note:''' "...Tamimi's remodeling is going smoothly. As it is now, it can learn how to deal with various dangerous situations in the ruins on its own. I wish you could see it with your own eyes."
:'''Yellowed Note:''' "As I worked, I kept thinking that you'd do a better job at this than I could."
:'''Yellowed Note:''' "After all, you're the most exceptional student I've ever met."

;(Read the Neatly-Penned Note)
:'''Neatly-Penned Note:''' "Dear Madam Faruzan..."
:'''Neatly-Penned Note:''' "The notes and manuscripts we found on Tamimi have been transcribed and organized, and every one of them has been marked with your name."
:'''Neatly-Penned Note:''' "I hope that even after a hundred years, future generations of students will still remember your name, Madam Faruzan."

;(Read the Oft-Corrected Note)
:'''Oft-Corrected Note:''' "... I told you not to... Now, look... So many people... Worried... Even... Tamimi..."
:'''Oft-Corrected Note:''' (The messy scribbling has been repeatedly canceled and edited, leaving barely legible phrases and a single neat message at the back.)
:'''Oft-Corrected Note:''' "Hurry up and come home for a meal. Your mom always makes an extra portion of food, you know?"

;(Investigate the fallen Machine Wreckage)
;(Talk to Faruzan)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 01.ogg}} '''???:''' "Dear Faruzan, I hope you're doing well."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 02.ogg}} '''???:''' "It has been over 20 years since you went missing. People from the Akademiya keep telling us to give up and that you're most likely dead..."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 03.ogg}} '''???:''' "But somehow, I feel like you're still alive &mdash; yes, that you live still, in some corner of this world."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 04.ogg}} '''???:''' "You've always been persistent, able to shine no matter what situation you face. I believe that this persistence serves you well in surviving and finding your way home."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 05.ogg}} '''???:''' "Unfortunately, I likely won't be able to welcome you home when you do. I don't have much time left, and my reflexes have slowed. Others keep telling me to stop exploring ruins..."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 06.ogg}} '''???:''' "Only Tamimi is still the same as before, always running off to places which you've been to."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 07.ogg}} '''???:''' "Your teacher and friends came up with an idea to remodel Tamimi so it can search for you in our place."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 08.ogg}} '''???:''' "You didn't like coming home back then, and would always get Tamimi to send a letter back. Now, we're leaving a letter with Tamimi. I wonder if it'll ever be delivered to you."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 09.ogg}} '''???:''' "I don't know the answer to that question... But if you ever read this letter, I hope it'll be when you've already found your way home."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzanmom 10.ogg}} '''???:''' "I regret not being able to say this to you myself, but I'll still feel sincerely happy for you, my dear daughter..."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' "Welcome home, Faruzan."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 tamimi upset 01.ogg}} '''Tamimi:''' Kolu...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Look at you, Tamimi... you've changed so much after all these years. Thank you for waiting for me all this time.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I've safely received the letters... Your work is done now. You can sleep.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 tamimi shutdown 01.ogg}} '''Tamimi:''' Ku...li...
:{{DIcon}} That's...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Tamimi, the mechanical life form I encountered back then. When I would go on expeditions, it would follow me, take notes for me, and send my letters home.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' When I met with that accident, it was on the way to deliver a letter for me. I... I once thought that I'd never get to see it again.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I didn't expect my teacher and others to remodel its Self-Repair function, upgrading it to "Self-Learning."
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' And so, in order to plumb the depths of unknown ruins and overcome dangerous traps, it repaired and modified itself using parts it found along the way. One decade of wandering became many, and soon...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Tamimi, which used to be incapable of even moving heavy objects, became the "Ruin Wanderer"...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...All so it could deliver these last letters from them to me.
:{{DIcon}} Even though they had all passed on...
:{{DIcon}} They still prayed for your safe return...
:'''Tamimi:''' ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The strain to support such a huge body must have turned out to be too much for your "heart," right?
:{{DIcon}} ...Tamimi?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Even after the remodeling, its "Restitution Module" still can't function perfectly in perpetuity. It has been pushing itself beyond its limits over the past few decades.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Just like a living being, mechanical life forms have a limited lifespan. It probably became trapped in the ruins all those years ago because its shelf life had run out.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It most likely only reactivated because it detected my presence... and then it mustered up everything it had to deliver that last letter. Now, it can finally rest in peace.
:'''Tamimi:''' ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Tighnari told you what happened to me, right?
:{{DIcon}} ...I'm sorry.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' You don't have to apologize. It's not like this incident is a secret in the Akademiya.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Besides, I've always treated it as a failed experiment. As a researcher, I must accept this result.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 17.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' However, finding out that so many people were affected by my failure... does make me feel somewhat conflicted.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 18.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Can you head back to Pardis Dhyai first? We've been here for a while, and it's best not to make Collei and the rest worry.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917314 faruzan 19.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' As for me... I want to stay with Tamimi for a bit longer. Just a bit.

;(Interact with Faruzan again, optional)
:'''Faruzan:''' (Faruzan's head hangs low in silence... The desert breathes gales of wind, and the only sound that can be hard is the scattering rise of spreading grains.)

;(Continue to [[#Time to Decide|Time to Decide]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===Time to Decide===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Collei, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' (Hope you feel better soon, Karkata!)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Tighnari, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (I hope Karkata will recover quickly.)

;(Return to Pardis Dhyai and talk to Tighnari)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917315 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' You're back!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917315 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' How was your journey through the desert? ...Wait. Where's Madam Faruzan?
:{{DIcon}} (Tell the whole truth...)
:;(Proceed to [[#A Promise to the Future|A Promise to the Future]])
:{{DIcon}} (Keep Tamimi a secret...)
:;(Proceed to [[#Chat Under the Moonlight|Chat Under the Moonlight]])
{{Dialogue end}}

===A Promise to the Future===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''You tell everyone everything that happened in the desert...'''

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917315 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Oh no... She finally got to reunite with an old friend from 100 years ago, but...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917315 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' As a researcher, she could perhaps accept it. However, as a friend, student, and a daughter...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917315 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' We should give her some time. Let's just wait for her here.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917315 tighnari 04.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' And in the future... I hope that we can be here to support her as her new friends.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You tell Tighnari and Collei everything, hoping that you will be able to comfort Faruzan...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Karkata again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...

;(Wait until one day later)

;(Enter Pardis Dhyai)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'm back! What, is there to be no welcoming party?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...We've all been waiting for you, Madam Faruzan.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' That's more like it. Now, here are some components I brought back from the desert. Switch these out with the ones Karkata is using right now, and it'll be back in ship shape!
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Hmm? Why do you all look so solemn? Come now, liveliness befits youngsters more.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Madam Faruzan, did these parts come from...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...Heh.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Come now, I thought that you must've encountered some major problem! This isn't something you have to worry about.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Well, it looks like you already know everything... but no need to feel bad. Like I said before, as researchers, we must learn to accept our failures.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Tamimi had been operating beyond capacity for a century, and I'm unable to repair it with my current abilities, not even with these parts. It would thus be much better to use them to extend Karkata's lifespan.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' As a senior, it is only right that I do something for the people who come after me. That holds true for both researchers and machines.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Besides, I didn't say that I would be giving you these parts for free. They will only be used for Karkata temporarily. Otherwise, you wouldn't be able to help me with my research.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'll be sure to revive Tamimi once I've fully deciphered and replicated the creations of the ancient civilization.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...Alright, I'll do my best to help.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Me too! Although I'm not sure if I'll be much help...
:{{DIcon}} I'll help, too.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Thank you. If they could remodel Tamimi successfully even back then, there's no reason why we won't be able to do even better.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' When that day comes, I'll be sure to say...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917316 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' "Welcome home, Tamimi."
;(Proceed to [[#Ending: Start Over|Ending: Start Over]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: Start Over====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Start Over
|character       = Faruzan
|act             = 1
|description     = New friends, a new life, a new beginning.
}}

===Chat Under the Moonlight===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''You tell everyone the partial truth...'''

:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917315 tighnari 05.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So Madam Faruzan has some other things to settle... Alright. And to think that Raed was doing all of those things on the sly. It's good that you all got out of that situation in one piece.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917315 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Madam Faruzan will be able to repair Karkata when she gets back, won't she?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata happy 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu!
:'''(Traveler):''' (Currently, only Faruzan and I know about Tamimi...)
:'''(Traveler):''' (I should let Faruzan decide whether to tell the others about Tamimi.)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You keep the issue about Tamimi to yourself until Faruzan returns from the desert...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Karkata again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata upset 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kolu...

;(Wait until one day later)

;(Enter Pardis Dhyai)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'm back! What, is there to be no welcoming party?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' Madam Faruzan, we're over here!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' That's more like it. Now, here are some components I brought back from the desert. Switch these out with the ones Karkata is using right now, and it'll be back in ship shape!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' So this is a relic of an ancient civilization? Unbelievable... Thankfully, it didn't end up in Raed's unscrupulous hands.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Unscrupulous, huh? Hmm. Sounds like you already told them what happened.
:{{DIcon}} I told them about Raed.
:{{DIcon}} I told them about the archaeology team.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Is that so...? Thank you. We will talk about everything else later.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata doubt 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kulilu?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It's nothing. I've already given all the evidence we have against Raed to the Akademiya. They're going to be very busy &mdash; too busy to bother us, I'd wager.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'll start repairing Karkata, then. Collei, can you help me out?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917317 collei 02.ogg}} '''Collei:''' O&mdash;Of course!

:'''After some repairs, Karkata springs back to life...'''
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Faruzan seems to be waiting for you...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Tighnari again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 tighnari 01.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' Faruzan went out after repairing Karkata. She seems to be looking for you for some reason.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 tighnari 02.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' ...Well, I will not probe any further. However, if you need any help, do feel free to ask.

;(Talk to Collei or Karkata again, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 karkata excite 01.ogg}} '''Karkata:''' Kalu! Kalu!
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 collei 01.ogg}} '''Collei:''' It looks fine, but even so, it needs to properly rest up.

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Collei, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 collei 03.ogg}} '''Collei:''' (Will I be able to take Karkata with me on patrol duty in the future...?)

;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Tighnari, optional)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917301 tighnari 03.ogg}} '''Tighnari:''' (Madam Faruzan seems to have a lot on her mind... Now's probably not the time to pry.)

;(Talk to Faruzan)
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 01.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Ah, you're here.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 02.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Thank you for keeping Tamimi a secret.
:{{DIcon}} You don't plan on telling them?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 03.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' If I tell them about Tamimi, will they still feel happy for Karkata? Even if we could convince them to accept the components, they'll probably still feel bad about it.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 04.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I don't want my past to affect people in the present. That applies to both me and other people.
:{{DIcon}} You don't have to shoulder all this alone.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe you'll feel better if you share it with the rest.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 05.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' It's fine. I'm used to this.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 06.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I once believed that I'd never hear from my old friends and family ever again. Even their faces are getting hazier in my memories...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 07.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' However, I could remember them clearly again after reading the letter Tamimi handed to me and learning that they'd never given up on me. That's more than enough.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 08.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I'd be disappointing them if I let myself fall into a slump because of this. Neither my teacher nor my mother would've wanted to see me like that.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 09.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Besides, you're lending a listening ear to me now, aren't you?
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 10.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Oh, Pardis Dhyai looks pretty scenic at night. Will you take a stroll with me?
:{{DIcon}} It would be my pleasure.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 11.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Once Karkata's condition stabilizes, I'll find a chance to tell Tighnari and Collei about all that.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 12.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' But for now, just help me keep this secret.
:{{DIcon}} You got it.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 13.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Thank you. Hehe. Whether it's 100 years ago or now, I have people who worry about me.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 14.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' I suppose I should consider myself quite fortunate.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 15.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' The only time when I felt otherwise was when I had just returned to Sumeru. No one came to check up on me then. *sigh*
:{{DIcon}} ...
::{{DIcon}} Welcome home, Faruzan.
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 16.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' ...
:{{A|vo frzcop001 1917318 faruzan 17.ogg}} '''Faruzan:''' Yeah, I'm home.
;(Proceed to [[#Ending: "Welcome Back, Faruzan."|Ending: "Welcome Back, Faruzan."]])
{{Dialogue end}}

====Ending: "Welcome Back, Faruzan."====
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = "Welcome Back, Faruzan."
|character       = Faruzan
|act             = 1
|description     = Where once she was adrift on the sea of time, she has found her home shore once again.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wanderings of a Lonesome Shadow
|zhs     = 
|zhs_rm  = Gyng Pihui
|zht     = 
|zht_rm  = Gyng Pihui
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 
|ja_rm   = Haikai Suru Koei
|ja_tl   = Wandering Solitary Figure
|ko      =   
|ko_tl   = Wandering Lonely Shadow
|es      = Divagaciones de una sombra solitaria
|es_tl   = Wanderings of a Lonely Shadow
|fr      = Les errances d'une ombre solitaire
|fr_tl   = The Wanderings of a Lonesome Shadow
|ru      =   
|ru_tl   = Wanderings of a Lonely Shadow
|th      = 
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hnh Bng Quanh Qun
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wanderung eines einsamen Schattens
|de_tl   = 
|id      = Pengembaraan Bayangan Kesepian
|id_tl   = Wanderings of the Lonely Shadow
|pt      = Andanas de uma Sombra Solitria
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yalnz Dolaan Glge
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Vagabondaggi di un'ombra solitaria
|it_tl   = Wanderings of a Solitary Shadow
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.5}}