{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Wandering Scholar's Claw Cup.png
|set   = Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City
|piece = Goblet of Eonothem
}}
{{Description|A strange goblet strikingly similar in shape to a dragon's claw. Its maker must have made it with something special in mind.}}
'''Wandering Scholar's Claw Cup''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City]].

==Description==
Even in this [[Collective of Plenty|fertile land where martial prowess prevails]], some have eyes only for books and knowledge.<br><!--
-->So it was for a [[Copan|certain someone]] who claimed to be the President of the [[Saurian Relics Association]], who carried thick woven scrolls day in and day out,<br><!--
-->Or spent those days tampering with mystery mechanisms of unknown provenance. To prove that his research was not utterly useless,<br><!--
-->He would also make some items, with this strangely shaped beast-claw goblet being his pride and joy.<br><br><!--
-->At that time, he had yet to realize how much of a luxury all this pointless study was.<br><!--
-->[[Cataclysm|When dark nightmares devoured homes]], all the woven scrolls they worked so hard to find were destroyed in the fires of war.<br><!--
-->His daily routine, to which he was long used, evaporated as if he had awakened from a quiet afternoon nap,<br><!--
-->And destiny pushed him onto another path, and in this he no longer had any choice.<br><br><!--
-->He had once read in the oldest scrolls that the ruins left by the ancient [[dragons]] contained weapons capable of defending against the demons.<br><!--
-->So, to prevent his comrades from dying in vain, he put his past research aside, dedicating the rest of his life to a new cause.<br><!--
-->The [[Secret Source Automaton|machines of the secret source]] excavated from those abandoned ruins were restructured and modified to aid the warriors.<br><!--
-->Perhaps it was the knowledge accumulated over the years, or perhaps it was [[Kukulkan|some wise sage]]'s guiding hand behind the scenes, but the project went incredibly smoothly,<br><!--
-->Until, at last, in the depths of [[Ochkanatlan|a forsaken city]], he discovered a secret &mdash; or perhaps a curse &mdash; that had been hidden for thousands of years.<br><br><!--
-->Legends held that the [[Och-Kan|Python King]] of [[Ochkanatlan]] once built [[Legendary Tonatiuh|a sky-faring treasure ship]],<br><!--
-->And that within this ship was a [[Jade of Return|secret prize]] that could drive the [[Abyss]] beyond the [[False Sky|bounds]] of the world.<br><!--
-->Such legends became a balm to those eking out survival in such desolate times,<br><!--
-->And a beacon to countless adventurers who embarked on lengthy journeys to save the world.<br><br><!--
-->Not one who ventured forth returned, making the scholar a target for public scorn,<br><!--
-->Yet he kept faith that this was no lie, that this was a truth he had witnessed with his very own eyes.<br><!--
-->Some say he meant to prove his point, or perhaps he meant to end all this,<br><!--
-->But the traveling scholar, at last, joined [[Ochkanatlan Adventure Team|a team of adventurers]], heading toward the city up in the clouds.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Wandering Scholar's Claw Cup
|zhs      = 游学者的爪杯
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 遊學者的爪杯
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 遊学者の爪型杯
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 떠돌이 학자의 용 술잔
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Cáliz en Garra del Erudito Itinerante
|es_tl    = The Wandering Scholar's Claw Chalice
|fr       = Coupe à griffes de l'érudit en voyage
|fr_tl    = Traveling Scholar's Claw Cup
|ru       = Кубок бродячего исследователя
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = Wandering Scholar's Claw Cup
|vi       = Chiếc Ly Của Du Học Giả
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Klauenkelch des reisenden Gelehrten
|de_tl    = Traveling Scholar's Claw Cup
|id       = Wandering Scholar's Claw Cup
|pt       = Cálice do Estudioso Viajante
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Gezgin Alimin Pençe Kupası
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Coppa artigliata dello studioso errante
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Scroll of the Hero of Cinder City}}

[[fr:Coupe à griffes de l'érudit en voyage]]
[[ja:遊学者の爪型杯]]
[[uk:Кігтиста чаша мандрівного вченого]]
[[vi:Chiếc Ly Của Du Học Giả]]
[[zh:遊學者的爪杯]]