{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 01003
|image         = Archon Quest C1A1 Wangshu.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = I
|actNum        = I
|act           = Of the Land Amidst Monoliths
|part          = 3
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|prev          = An Impromptu Change of Plan
|next          = Dust to Dust
|exp           = 475
|mora          = 14,600
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|6}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|4}}
|characters    = Dusky Ming;Paimon;Smiley Yanxiao;Traveler;Verr Goldet;Xiao
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|1|1|part=3}}

==Steps==
#Go to [[Wangshu Inn]]
#Ask the [[Verr Goldet|boss lady]] about [[Xiao]]
#Make a Delicious [[Satisfying Salad]]
#Talk to the chef
#Go to the kitchen
#Tell [[Smiley Yanxiao]] about what happened
#Seek help from Verr Goldet
#Observe the painting
#Find a place where you can see the whole Witness Sigil
#Chase the ghost
#Defeat the Ruin Hunter
#Talk to [[Dusky Ming]]
#Tell Smiley Yanxiao about what happened
#*You acquire [[Special Almond Tofu]]
#Talk to Xiao

==Achievements==
* Completing this quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[Silly-Billy Churlish Ghoul]]''.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You came across an adeptus, "[[Moon Carver]]." Seeing the keepsake you bore, he lent you his aid and protected you from the Millelith soldiers pursuing you. Upon learning of [[Rex Lapis]]' passing and the unjust accusations laid against you, Moon Carver expressed disdain for the [[Qixing]]'s actions and began to suspect that they were behind what happened. He has sent you to find several other adepti and deliver a message to them.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(At Wangshu Inn)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, this seems to be Wangshu Inn.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Compared to Jueyun Karst this place seems basic. Are we really gonna find an adeptus here?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's take a look. Paimon reckons he'll be on the balcony. Heh, doubt we're going to find him in the kitchen.

;(Head upstairs)
{{Cutscene Description|You take a good look around the balcony, but there's no one to be seen. You stop to admire the view - when suddenly, an adeptus appears}}
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? He's not here?
:;(Paimon and the Traveler admire the scenery)
:{{A|vo lyaq002 2 cs xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' To the blind, everything may not be as it appears...
;(If the player has already met Xiao before)
<!--These lines imply that the character and paimon have already met Xiao, not sure what the exact requirements are for triggering them tho, or where you would meet Xiao before this as you'd either have to be playing during the Lantern Rite event or hit AR 40 for story quests-->
::{{A|vo lyaq003 2 xiao 01a 1.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Oh. It's you two.
::{{A|vo lyaq003 2 paimon 01a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We meet again! Hiya!
::{{A|vo lyaq003 2 xiao 01a 2.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Why do you insist on getting involved in the world of demons and adepti? You're breaking the rules too often.
;(If the player hasn't met Xiao before)
::{{A|vo lyaq003 2 xiao 01b 1.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' A Sigil of Permission? You came prepared.
::{{A|vo lyaq003 2 xiao 01b 2.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Though this only prevents me from hurting you myself. Doesn't stop you from getting hurt in other ways.
::{{A|vo lyaq003 2 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uhh... Paimon doesn't get it...
::{{A|vo lyaq003 2 xiao 01b 3.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Too much contact with our world is breaking the rules.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 2 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Mortal souls are not as robust as those of adepti, nor can your blood carry this level of adeptal energy.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 2 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It's for your own good. Leave. Now.

:{{A|vo lyaq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a sec, we came here to...

;(Xiao disappears)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh! Paimon's... peeved! All he does is think about himself!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon wants to give him an ugly nickname... but if you tick off an adeptus, the only thing you'll probably ever find in treasure chests is cabbages! Bleurgh!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh... Guess we should go ask the boss lady of the inn about just how she manages to talk to adepti.
----
;(Talking to Verr Goldet, Boss of Wangshu Inn)
:{{DIcon|Quest}}: Tell me about that adeptus.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 01.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Oh? You've already met Xiao?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 02.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Not bad. Not often he's in a good enough mood to agree to see people.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's his good mood?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 03.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Oh yes, the adepti are very hard to come by. Many people go their whole lives praying to them, never once actually getting to see one.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 04.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' When the Geo Archon built Liyue, he borrowed power from the adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 05.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' But most of them only know how to protect Liyue by fighting.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 06.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' So for many millennia, it has instead been humans who have led Liyue, whilst the adepti have lived hidden away on the outskirts.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You really know a lot, huh boss lady.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 07.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' It's not "boss lady," it's just boss...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 08.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Anyway, seen as you have the favor of the adepti, things should be a lot easier.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 09.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Well... If you wanna know my opinion... If you keep Xiao in a good mood, things should be okay.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good mood? Can't really imagine what a "good mood" looks like for that "Vigilant Yaksha."
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 10.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Haha! Will be interesting, won't it?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 11.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' (Come to think of it, I've never seen him smile either...)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 12.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' How 'bout this &mdash; you go see the chef for a bowl of Almond Tofu, and a plate of whatever it is you are best at making.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 verrgoldet 13.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Almond Tofu is one of the few human foods Xiao likes. The other dish is up to you.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Up to us, eh...? Traveler, what do you think you're the best at cooking?
:{{DIcon}}: Satisfying Salad I guess?
::{{A|vo lyaq003 4 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really hard to screw that one up, right?
:{{DIcon}}: Perhaps a Maha Manjusaka Hot Pyro Slime?
::{{A|vo lyaq003 4 paimon 05b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Never heard of that one! Paimon wants to try it!
::{{A|vo lyaq003 4 paimon 05b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, if we're gonna be cooking for an adeptus, perhaps the Satisfying Salad would be the safer choice...

;(Talking to Verr Goldet again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq003 verrgoldet 01.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Opportunities to meet an adeptus are rare and fleeting. Make the most of it.
----
;(Talking to Smiley Yanxiao, the chef of Wangshu Inn)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 01.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Can't you see I'm on a break kid? Scram.
:{{DIcon}}: Excuse me, we'd like an Almond To&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 02.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Scram!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, this chef guy's service is about as good as that Wagner guy's back in Mondstadt.
:{{DIcon}}: It's for the boss, Goldet.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 03.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' ....
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 04.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' I see. If it's for the boss, then guess I don't have a choice now, do I?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 05.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' But my heart's not really in it right now, not enough to make a dessert as painstaking as Almond Tofu.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' And why is that?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 06.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' A fencer's hand must be steady, so too must be the hand of a chef.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 07.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' But my hands, I'm.... they're not steady...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 08.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Because ahh, a traveler once told me that this inn... is haunted.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 09.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' And then, just now &mdash; just now! In the kitchen... I saw something... something not right.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (This chef looks so intimidating, but speak of ghosts and he becomes weak.)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 smileyyanxiao 10.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' I keep thinking... even Wangshu Inn isn't safe. I&mdash;I can't keep a steady hand for something like Almond Tofu.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright Traveler. In the name of high-quality Almond Tofu, we need to go check this kitchen out.

;(Talking to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq003 smileyyanxiao 01.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If the bosses hadn't been so good to me, there's no way I'd be putting up with this...
----
;(At the inn's kitchen)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't seem to be anyth&mdash;
:{{A|vo lyaq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...

;(You see the ghost of a girl running)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 8 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' #@&%*!
----
;(Returning to Yanxiao)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 8 smileyyanxiao 01.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' What!? You saw it too! There really is a ghost!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 8 smileyyanxiao 02.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' What... How can I...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, so he's useless now. What do we do?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Forget it. Let's just go see the boss lady again.

;(Talking to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq003 smileyyanxiao 02.ogg|}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' May the G—Geo Lord protect you... May all the deities protect you!
----
;(Talking to Verr Goldet)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 01.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Hehe... Scared of something so insignificant. Hard to believe he was once a notorious bandit.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You don't seem that afraid of ghosts, boss lady.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 02.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Gods and ghosts, I've seen it all before.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come to think of it, others don't seem to know there's an adeptus here at the inn, except for the boss lady...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 03.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Shh!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 04.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Say any more and you'll be divulging my little secret.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 05.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Right. Before you two be off. Go see to it that little ghost doesn't go scaring anybody else.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 06.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Not that I'm ordering you around. It's like the adeptus said, mortal souls are not as robust as those of the adepti.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 07.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' So as to not be harmed when dealing with the adepti, you can start by practicing with that ghost.
:{{DIcon}}: Sounds good.
::{{A|vo lyaq003 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But how should we persuade the ghost?
:{{DIcon}}: But how should we persuade the ghost?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 08.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' There is a calligraphy painting in the inn known as the Witness Sigil. It's been in circulation for over a thousand years. Go take a look at it.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 9 verrgoldet 09.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Once you have, look for a place outside where you can see the exact same Witness Sigil formation.

;(Talking to Verr Goldet again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq003 verrgoldet 02.ogg}} '''Verr Goldet:''' Ghosts are just another form of life on earth. It's certainly possible to deal with them on their own terms.
----
;(Upon viewing the Witness Sigil in the rocks you see the ghost of the girl running away)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 13 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Th&mdash;There she is! So scary... (Traveler), quick, you... you grab her.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 13 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' She's trying to get away!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 13 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We have to follow her. If it's as the boss lady said, she won't disappear like last time!

;(Following her south of the inn, the ghost possesses a Ruin Hunter and becomes hostile)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Argh! She doesn't know when to give up!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This old, decrepit Ruin Guard... Surely it's not... possessed!?

;(After defeating the possessed Ruin Hunter)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 duskyming 01.ogg}} '''Dusky Ming:''' ♪ Silly-churl, billy-churl ♪...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Finally caught you. Paimon's pooped.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 duskyming 02.ogg}} '''Dusky Ming:''' ♪ Silly-billy hilichurl ♪...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haunting things isn't nice! Little girl, are you listening?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 duskyming 03.ogg}} '''Dusky Ming:''' ♪ Chilly-churl, frilly-churl ♪...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now listen here young lady!
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 duskyming 04.ogg}} '''Dusky Ming:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 duskyming 05.ogg}} '''Dusky Ming:''' Okay.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 duskyming 06.ogg}} '''Dusky Ming:''' Dusky Ming won't tease the travelers at the inn anymore.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 duskyming 07a.ogg}} '''Dusky Ming:''' Next time Traveler can come play with Dusky Ming.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 16 duskyming 08a.ogg}} '''Dusky Ming:''' If you don't come and play, Dusky Ming will come find you~
----
;(After explaining Yanxiao about the ghost's promise)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 17 smileyyanxiao 01.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Wh-What... You really got the ghost to promise to stop haunting the inn?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 17 smileyyanxiao 02.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Wow... You really are something...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 17 smileyyanxiao 03.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' I am in your debt.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 17 smileyyanxiao 04.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Please wait a moment. I'll make you the smoothest, silkiest bowl of Almond Tofu.

;(At the kitchen)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 17 smileyyanxiao 05.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Haha, my hands are steadier than ever now that she's gone.

;(Talking to Yanxiao again)
:{{A|vo dialog lyaq003 smileyyanxiao 03.ogg}} '''Smiley Yanxiao:''' I haven't enjoyed something so much in a long time. That dish was pure perfection.
----
;(Talking to Xiao)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...You two again.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! Don't go disappearing again.
{{Cutscene Description|You give the food to Xiao...}}
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' What's this?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's your favorite, Almond Tofu! As well as this distant traveler's best dish &mdash; a Satisfying Salad.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler! Quick! Tell him everything before he finishes eating!
;(Fastforward the summary of recent events)
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Rex Lapis... How could this be?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I... can't imagine it. Though times have changed, I've never imagined a Liyue without him.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' The ruling Qixing... Just what role have they played in this?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I will seek Moon Carver, Mountain Shaper, and Cloud Retainer. It is time they too made their decisions.
:{{DIcon}}: Will the adepti take over his role in Liyue?
:{{DIcon}}: Will the adepti interrogate the Qixing?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 08.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Adepti do not turn on their responsibilities.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 09.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I have my reasons to not want to be tainted by the mortal realm, but... responsibilities are responsibilities.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 10.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Our god is the God of Contracts after all.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! Paimon still has one last question.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 11.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Hmm?
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That... Dusky Ming. She's...
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 12.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' When conquering demons, on occasion, you can come across spirits who have never hurt anyone, yet are also not yet able to be moved on.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 xiao 13.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' So I asked the innkeeper and the boss if they could keep her here for a time.
:{{A|vo lyaq003 18 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So really, Wangshu Inn was looking after her! Really keeping a wide range of business going, huh!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wangshu
|zhs     = 望舒
|zhs_rm  = Wàngshū
|zht     = 望舒
|zht_rm  = Wàngshū
|zh_tl   = Wangshu
|zh_note = Wangshu is the moon chariot goddess in Chinese mythology, but can also refer to the moon itself.
|ja      = {{Rubi|望|ぼう|舒|じょ}}
|ja_rm   = Boujo
|ja_tl   = Wangshu{{Sino|ja}}
|ko      = {{tt|망서|望舒}}
|ko_rm   = Mangseo
|ko_tl   = Wangshu
|es      = Posada Wangshu
|es_tl   = Wangshu Inn
|fr      = Wangshu
|ru      = Постоялый двор «Ваншу»
|ru_tl   = "Wangshu" Inn
|th      = Wangshu
|vi      = {{tt|Vọng Thư|望舒}}
|vi_tl   = Wangshu
|de      = Wangshu
|id      = Wangshu
|pt      = Wangshu
|tr      = Wangshu
|it      = Wangshu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Chapter I}}
[[Category:Archon Chapter 1]]

[[es:Posada Wangshu (misión)]]
[[fr:Wangshu]]
[[ja:望舒]]
[[pt-br:Wangshu]]