{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71820
|image         = Lantern Rite Tales II - Wangshu Inn.png
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|requirement   = Complete [[Currents Deep Beneath the Lanterns]]
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Mr. Bohuan; Paimon; Smiley Yanxiao; Traveler; Verr Goldet; Wang'ya
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Hero's Wit*2;Mora*20,000
|otherRewards  = *Unlocks [[Lantern Rite Tales]] II Requests
}}
'''''Wangshu Once again''''' is an [[event]]-exclusive [[World Quest]] for [[Lantern Rite Tales]]. Completing it is required to unlock the requests in [[Lantern Rite Tales]]: Part II.

==Steps==
# Have a walk around [[Wangshu Inn]]
# Talk to [[Verr Goldet]]
# Go visit [[Smiley Yanxiao]]
# Go downstairs and help bring Smiley Yanxiao the food ingredients (0/3)
# Hang the Xiao Lanterns near the entrance of Wangshu Inn (0/2)
# Carry the ingredients upstairs
# Talk to Smiley Yanxiao
# Talk to Verr Goldet
# Find [[Mr. Bohuan]]
# Defeat all opponents
# Give the materials to Mr. Bohuan
#* Mr. Bohuan requires 1 [[Qingxin]] and 1 [[Cor Lapis]]
# Go back and talk to [[Wang'ya]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something is bothering [[Verr Goldet]], boss of the [[Wangshu Inn]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Verr Goldet)
:'''Verr Goldet:''' Each Lantern Rite is the same old story...
:{{DIcon}} What happenened?
:'''Verr Goldet:''' We're in a bit of a pickle. A lot of our staff have gone back home to spend the Lantern Rite with their families. It's difficult to run the inn like this...
:'''Verr Goldet:''' Greeting the guests decorating the inn, and making preparations for the celebration...
:'''Verr Goldet:''' All on top of our regular responsibilities, of course... There's no way Smiley Yanxiao can keep up with this workload...
:'''Verr Goldet:''' If you don't mind, Traveler, could you lend him a hand?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' I'm sure he'll appreciate it. You'll find him in the kitchen.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' I still have some things to finish up here...
;(Talk to Verr Goldet again)
:'''Verr Goldet:''' *sigh* It always gets so unbearably busy during the Lantern Rite...
----
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Who's that!? The kitchen is staff only... Oh, it's you...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Do you need something? If you're looking to order food, it could take a while... It's incredibly busy at the moment.
:{{DIcon}} I'm here to help out.
:{{DIcon}} Do you want help with anything?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' You came to help? Oh... I can't complain about that! Not when I'm completely swamped...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Could you go downstairs and get the cooking ingredients that just came in for me? I need them very urgently.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' While you're at it, you can also take these Xiao Lanterns and hang them on the two trees by the entrance to the inn... The innkeeper's been nagging me about it for way too long...
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' How many outstanding orders do we have... Let's see...
----
;(Upon collecting all the ingredients)
:'''Paimon:''' These should be the ingredients that Yanxiao needs.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, and he also told us to hang those Xiao Lanterns up on some trees...
;(Upon hanging the Xiao Lanterns)
:'''Paimon:''' That should do it! So pretty... Let's go back to Yanxiao.
----
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' How did it go? Is everything taken care of?
:{{DIcon}} Yep, all done.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Thanks, I owe you big time. Now, I need to get these dishes out, pronto, or else the customers will start complaining...
----
;(Talk to Verr Goldet)
:'''Verr Goldet:''' Oh, you're back. Is Yanxiao...?
:{{DIcon}} He should be able to manage now.
:'''Verr Goldet:''' That's good. Thanks for your help...
:'''[[Wang'ya]]:''' Nothing here either...
:{{DIcon}} Huh? Wang'ya?
:{{DIcon}} Did you come here bringing Xiao Lanterns?
:'''Wang'ya:''' Traveler? What a coincidence! I didn't expect you to be here...
:'''Wang'ya:''' One could say I'm delivering Xiao Lanterns... Have you heard about Qingce Village? It's pretty far off from the city. Most of the villagers are either children or the elderly.
:'''Wang'ya:''' So each year around the Lantern Rite, the Ministry of Civil Affairs delegates a representative to bring them some essentials.
:'''Wang'ya:''' The first batch has already been delivered, but I'd like to go a step further and make sure that the festive atmosphere makes its way to the village as well.
:'''Wang'ya:''' That's why I asked poet Qingzhou to prepare some lantern riddles and go to Qingce Village to entertain local children.
:{{DIcon}} Qingzhou...
:{{DIcon}} (Huh? Didn't he have that agreement with Vermeer...)
:'''Wang'ya:''' A poet of his reputation should be up to the task. I also wanted to involve Mr. Bohuan. He's a pretty good calligrapher. It would be amazing if he could help the elderly write their wishes on Xiao Lanterns.
:'''Wang'ya:''' However, despite my best efforts to find him, Mr. Bohuan is nowhere to be found. Someone told me that he's gone gathering materials in Dihua Marsh, so I came here looking for him...
:{{DIcon}} Wouldn't harm to ask the boss.
:{{DIcon}} Do you know what happened to Mr. Bohuan?
:'''Verr Goldet:''' Mr. Bohuan? Let me think... He came to the inn not too long ago. He mentioned he'd be gathering things nearby..
:'''Verr Goldet:''' I wouldn't be surprised if he's since left the area. There are a lot of monsters lurking in the wild...
:'''Wang'ya:''' I see... But I already told Qingzhou to meet me at Wangshu Inn. He'll be coming here shortly...
:'''Wang'ya:''' Could you find Mr. Bohuan for me, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Consider it done.
:'''Wang'ya:''' My gratitude knows no bounds. I'll wait for Qingzhou here. We still have some matters to discuss.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Ugh... My schedule is already bursting at the seams...

;(Talk to Wang'ya again)
:'''Wang'ya:''' There's just too much to get through, and it doesn't seem that the Ministry of Civil Affairs can find anyone else to help...
:'''Wang'ya:''' Seems like I'm not going back home for the holidays again this year...
----
;(Upon reaching the location)
:'''Paimon:''' Over there! Someone's been surrounded by monsters. Let's help them out!
----
;(Talk to Mr. Bohuan)
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Thank you! Thank you! *sigh* I'm so careless.
:{{DIcon}} What were you up to here?
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' I came here looking for materials. I thought it'd be nice to make some decorative writings and give them to my friends as Lantern Rite gifts...
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' But I need a few bottles of special ink for those. It was supposed to be just a pleasant little walk in search of the required ingredients...
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' I would've never expected to come across all those monsters, never...
:{{DIcon}} About Wang'ya's request...
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Go to Qingce Villlage and do some calligraphy for the villagers... No problem at all. You can count on me.
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Qingce Village... Oh, it's the one with a huge population of elderly people...
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Here's an idea. Why don't you help me find a Cor Lapis and a Qingxin? I need those to make some ink.
:{{DIcon}} You make ink... out of those?
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Hahaha, there's a gap in your knowledge, I see. Powdered Cor Lapis dissolved in ink makes the characters shine with the most radiant shade of gold. Truly auspicious!
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Qingxin juice, on the other hand, adds a delicate, flowery fragrance to the natural scent of ink. If the ink itself is good enough, those two aromas will compliment each other beautifully.
:{{DIcon}} Wh&mdash;What attention to detail...
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like a lot of work...
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Ah, that's nothing compared to the lengths some connoisseurs are willing to go to produce their inks.
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Let's keep it simple this time. Just gather the materials and give them to me...
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Whew... I need a moment to catch my breath. Those monsters scared the life out of me...
----
;(Talk to Mr. Bohuan again)
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' So, have you found the materials yet?
:;(Give the materials)
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Alright, I've got everything I need. You can go back to Wang'ya now. I'll head to Wangshu Inn after a short moment's respite.

;(Talk to Mr. Bohuan again)
:'''Mr. Bohuan:''' Going to Qingce Village to do some calligraphy... Something right up my alley...
----
;(Talk to Wang'ya)
:'''Wang'ya:''' Hey, have you found Mr. Bohuan yet? Is he on board with my plan?
:{{DIcon}} He promised to go with you, but he'll need a moment to get there.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Great, I ran into Qingzhou earlier, and he seemed quite perturbed. He went out for a walk, saying that he needed to look for some inspiration.
:'''Wang'ya:''' I'm beyond grateful. I'll wait for Mr. Bohuan here and fill him in on the details.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Then, I need to stay the course with all the unfinished matters in Liyue Harbor.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Looks like my back-and-forth trips between Wangshu Inn and Liyue Harbor will continue for a while.
:'''Wang'ya:''' We'll head to Qingce Village as soon as I'm done with all the outstanding tasks. Should you wish to join us, you can meet us there.
:'''Wang'ya:''' Eh, if only I could handle my workload faster...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wangshu Once Again
|zhs     = 再访望舒
|zhs_rm  = Zài Fǎng Wàngshū
|zht     = 再訪望舒
|zht_rm  = Zài Fǎng Wàngshū
|zh_tl   = Revisiting Wangshu
|ja      = 望舒を再訪する
|ja_rm   = Boujo wo Saihou Suru
|ja_tl   = Revisiting Wangshu
|ko      = 다시 들른 망서
|ko_tl   = Revisiting Wangshu
|es      = De vuelta a Wangshu
|es_tl   = Back to Wangshu
|fr      = Retour à l'Auberge Wangshu
|fr_tl   = Back to Wangshu Inn
|ru      = И снова «Ваншу»
|ru_tl   = And Again "Wangshu"
|th      = Wangshu อีกครั้ง
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lại đến Vọng Thư
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wangshu schon wieder
|de_tl   = Wangshu Again
|id      = Kembali ke Wangshu
|id_tl   = Return to Wangshu
|pt      = Visitando o Albergue Wangshu Novamente
|pt_tl   = Visiting the Wangshu Inn Again
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[ru:И снова «Ваншу»]]