{{Quest Infobox
|id             = 23040
|type           = Commission
|image          = Commission Warehousing Business.png
|summary        = 
|startLocation  = [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]]
|region         = Sumeru
|area           = Land of Lower Setekh
|subarea        = Aaru Village
|requirement    = 
|other          = AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters     = Najat; Habachi; Traveler; Paimon
|npc            = Najat; Habachi
}}
'''''Warehousing Business''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Aaru Village]], [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
===Vulture Version===
# Talk to [[Najat]]
# Defeat all vultures {{Enemy List|Red Vulture*3}}
# Report back to Najat

===Treasure Hoarder Version===
# Talk to Najat
# Go and help [[Habachi]]
# Defeat the [[Treasure Hoarders]].
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Crusher|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Marksman|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer|x=1}}
# Talk to Habachi

===Goods Version===
# Talk to Najat
# Retrieve the goods
# Report back to Najat

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Najat from Aaru Village seems to be having some trouble...}}
===Vulture Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Najat, optional)
:'''Najat:''' (Those hateful vultures!)

;(Talk to Najat)
:'''Najat:''' Ugh, these Red Vultures! They just won't leave, will they?
:{{DIcon}} Excuse me, what happened?
:'''Najat:''' Are you... the Traveler? I've heard about you from [[Ebeid]].
:'''Najat:''' Hehe, we don't usually see many travelers around, so I wasn't expecting you.
:'''Najat:''' Oh, have you met Habachi? The lad's always so strict &mdash; makes him seem unapproachable at times. Please don't feel offended though.
:'''Najat:''' You see, we've got all sorts of stuff stored here, not just food but also clothes, weapons, and even Mora and goods...
:'''Najat:''' There aren't many young people in this place, and they need to manage all kinds of things, from protecting the village to the daily affairs of villagers. As a result, Habachi has been the only person on the warehouse-guarding duty.
:'''Najat:''' I can't help him much except for keeping accounts and tallying goods.
:{{DIcon}} What's with the Red Vultures?
:'''Najat:''' *sigh* Don't get me started. We just received a batch of jerky in the warehouse...
:'''Najat:''' I guess it's the scent or something that has attracted these birds. Anyway, they started lurking on the hill near the warehouse from time to time.
:'''Najat:''' They can't have their way with the jerky locked in the warehouse, but whoever eats in front of them becomes an easy target instead.
:'''Najat:''' Our guards are too busy to come and get rid of them, nor is Habachi available...
:'''Najat:''' Traveler, if you have time, could you deal with them for us?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Najat:''' Thank you so much. Those vultures are fierce. You might want to keep your distance. I'd suggest using a bow and arrow to get rid of them. It's safer.
:{{DIcon}} Have they attacked anything?
::'''Najat:''' Yes, lots of things, actually &mdash; the goods we're transporting, the meat we're drying, and also Habachi's lunchboxes...
::'''Najat:''' Every time Habachi's having lunch while on duty, the vultures always come snatch his meat away when he's not watching.
::'''Najat:''' The poor lad can't leave his post to chase after them, so he has to make do with what's left...
::'''Najat:''' So, please get rid of the vultures for us.

;(Talk to Najat again)
:'''Najat:''' So, please get rid of the vultures for us.
----
;(Talk to Najat after defeating the vultures)
:'''Najat:''' How did it go? Did you take care of them?
:{{DIcon}} Yep, all done.
:{{DIcon}} You won't see them for a while.
:'''Najat:''' Thank you so much! Habachi can finally have a peaceful lunch.
:'''Najat:''' Here, this is for you.
:'''Najat:''' Um... What else will arrive today?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Treasure Hoarder Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Najat, optional)
:'''Najat:''' (Fingers crossed that nothing happens to Habachi...)

:'''Najat:''' Ah, Traveler, thank goodness you've come! Please go help Habachi!
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:{{DIcon}} You look anxious.
:'''Najat:''' *sigh* A group of Treasure Hoarders suddenly showed up outside the village and stopped one of our delivery teams. We've summoned every guard available to help.
:'''Najat:''' But Habachi said that was not enough, so he also grabbed a weapon to join the guards.
:'''Najat:''' I heard there are too many Treasure Hoarders this time. Habachi can't handle them on his own.
:'''Najat:''' Traveler, I've marked the location on the map. Please help him.
:{{DIcon}} I'll go right away.
::'''Najat:''' I'm counting on you. Hope nothing happens to Habachi.
:{{DIcon}} Is he a good fighter?
::'''Najat:''' He can handle a thug or two alright.
::'''Najat:''' But it's a whole group of ambushing Treasure Hoarders we're talking about. Had it not been for the fast runner in the delivery team, no one would've known what happened.
::'''Najat:''' *sigh* How I wish Ms. [[Candace]] were around &mdash; none of the Treasure Hoarders would dare to lift a finger.
::'''Najat:''' They must've been waiting for her departure.
::'''Najat:''' Traveler, please help Habachi.

;(Talk to Najat again)
:'''Najat:''' Traveler, please help Habachi. I... I'll see if I can get other people to help.
----
;(When approaching Habachi)
:'''Paimon:''' That's... Mr. Habachi! We gotta help him, quickly!
----
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Habachi, optional)
:'''Habachi:''' (Phew... Thank goodness the goods are intact...)

;(Talk to Habachi)
:'''Habachi:''' Huff... Thank you so much, Traveler. We wouldn't be able to keep the goods without you.
:{{DIcon}} You fought well.
::'''Habachi:''' Haha, I'm flattered. But I wouldn't be able to handle all of them.
:{{DIcon}} Are you on your own?
::'''Habachi:''' There were other guards with me, but they went elsewhere to look for the goods.
:'''Habachi:''' *sigh* I wish I were stronger. If it were Candace, all of these Treasure Hoarders would be lying on the ground now.
:'''Habachi:''' My bad, there's no time for this. I've got to send the goods back to the village.
:'''Habachi:''' Traveler, it's not safe around here. You should return as quickly as possible.
:'''Habachi:''' But when I think about it, the Treasure Hoarders sure keep their ears on the ground...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Goods Version===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Najat, optional)
:'''Najat:''' (How I wish I could be of help...)

;(Talk to Najat)
:'''Najat:''' *sigh* Habachi should really allow himself some rest...
:{{DIcon}} What happened?
:'''Najat:''' Traveler, perfect timing! Could you help me with something?
:'''Najat:''' We just got some dried foods from outside the village. Habachi was about to deliver them here.
:'''Najat:''' But a group of Red Vultures was attracted by the smell and came whooshing down.
:'''Najat:''' Although the guards managed to drive them away quickly, they had scattered the food everywhere.
:'''Najat:''' Some people have left to warn other delivery teams, and Habachi's busy retrieving what is still edible. Traveler, could you help us?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Najat:''' Thank you so much. My apologies, I've got another batch of goods coming in, so I can't go myself.
:{{DIcon}} Is Habachi okay?
::'''Najat:''' *sigh* I asked him to take a break, but he wouldn't listen. He said he'd go over the goods in the warehouse once he was done putting the scattered food back. He's overworking himself.
::'''Najat:''' The goods should be near the White Lift. Please bring them to me, Traveler.

;(Talk to Najat again)
:'''Najat:''' The goods should be near the White Lift. Please bring them to me, Traveler.
----
;(Talk to Najat after retrieving the goods)
:'''Najat:''' Traveler, did you get the goods?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, got them right here.
:'''Najat:''' Great! Please leave them there. Thank you so much.
:'''Najat:''' Habachi is tallying some other stuff in the warehouse. I'll take care of the food here.
:'''Najat:''' *sigh* Fingers crossed that we didn't lose too much food...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Warehousing Business
|zhs     = 仓储事务
|zhs_rm  = Cāngchǔ Shìwù
|zht     = 倉儲事務
|zht_rm  = Cāngchú Shìwù
|ja      = 倉庫保管事務
|ja_rm   = Souko Hokan Jimu
|ko      = 창고에 관한 일
|ko_rm   = Changkkoe Gwanhan Il
|es      = Trabajo de almacén
|fr      = Entreposage
|ru      = Управление складом
|th      = กิจการคลังสินค้า
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Công Việc Kho Trữ
|de      = Lagerhaltung
|id      = Usaha Pergudangan
|pt      = Negócio de Armazenagem
|tr      = Depo İşleri
|it      = Attività magazziniera
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Sumeru}}