{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Sangonomiya Kokomi
|ARReq          = 40
|archonQuestReq = {{Quest|Omnipresence Over Mortals|showType=0}}
|storyQuestReq  = {{Quest|Reflections of Mortality|showType=0}}
}}
{{Description|The curtain has fallen on the Vision Hunt Decree, and Kokomi invites you to return to Watatsumi Island and join their Victory Feast.<br>The post-war peace talks are coming soon, and yet rumors that are hard to verify are beginning to spread. Some plot is clearly afoot. It is time to bear witness to Kokomi's resolve and the future of Watatsumi Island.}}
'''''Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing''''' is the first act of [[Sangonomiya Kokomi]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, must have completed {{Quest|Omnipresence Over Mortals|showType=0}}, {{Quest|Reflections of Mortality|showType=0}}, and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 40.

During the act, the [[Traveler]] helps Kokomi unravel a rumor that the [[Fatui]] and [[Tenryou Commission]] are conspiring to restart hostilities.

==List of Quests==
# [[Watatsumi Sightseeing]]
# [[Rumors Abound]]
# [[Her Secret]]
# [[Victory Banquet]]
# [[New Beginning]]

==Summary==
;Watatsumi Sightseeing
Arriving on [[Watatsumi Island]] to partake at the Victory Feast following the end of the [[Vision Hunt Decree]], the Traveler and Paimon meet up with Kokomi at the south-eastern area of the island, where they had cleared out the ronin before. Wondering where she is, they decide to walk around. Elsewhere, [[Gorou]] inspects some tracks with two soldiers and believes that a Fatui ship is moored nearby. Despite the end of the war, the Fatui still intend to cause problems. Gorou believes that destroying the ship would mean victory, but he lacks the men to do so.

The Traveler and Paimon soon find the three and are glad to know that the Resistance still remembers them. Gorou explains that the Fatui remnants have been unusually active and they can't let them escape. The Traveler assists them by distracting their forces, while he and his men destroy their ship. After defeating the Fatui, Gorou tells them that after the war, the resistance is now busy helping the civilian population of the island get back into shape with various jobs. Paimon asks him about Kokomi's whereabouts, and he tells them that she's addressing a disturbance at the [[Bourou Village|village]] in-person. Before leaving, he also tells them to investigate the soldiers on the way, as he notes that they've been unusually secretive and suspects that they're hiding something from him.

On the way to the village, they encounter [[Denjirou]], who is surprised to see their return. The Traveler asks him if he's noted anything odd the past few days, and he confirms, as everyone was prepared to die for the cause when victory was suddenly declared. As such, he believes that the soldiers aren't used to getting back to normalcy quickly. They then encounter [[Arisawa]], who tells them he doesn't know anything as he keeps to himself and is content with the peace.

Finally, they run into [[Yoshihisa]] and [[Tsuneo]]. The two are not content with the war's swift conclusion and Kokomi's eagerness to begin peace talks, believing that the Tenryou Commission is still collaborating with the Fatui. Spotting the Traveler, Yoshihisa wonders if they should inform them as they're a superior officer, but Tsuneo discourages it as he believes they might have proposed the negotiations to Kokomi in the first place. Having pretended not to have overheard them, Paimon finds the pairs' not coming forward suspicious but tells the Traveler to find Kokomi instead at the village.

Once they arrive, they find [[Matsuda]] and [[Uchimura]] accusing [[Naruse]] of supplying goods for the Tenryou Commission just as Kokomi arrives. Kokomi states that they deal in facts, not opinions, and hears from Naruse that he had bought goods at the island and wanted to sell them later when the Fatui stole all of them. She also reveals that after the war, she has started peace talks with the Tenryou Commission, who would be represented by [[Kujou Sara]] and the location was arranged by the [[Kamisato Clan]] when she began hearing the rumors. While it appears unlikely the Kujou Clan would collude with the Fatui given [[Kujou Kamaji]]'s attempts to redeem the clan, Kokomi still leaves out the possibility that the talks would be a trap and asks the Traveler to accompany her to the Fatui camp.
----
;Rumors Abound
The three arrive at the Fatui camp, which was originally a hilichurl one. After clearing the Fatui out, Kokomi wonders what the Fatui were doing and if the rumors were actually true. She has the Traveler investigate the camp, where they find some Tenryou Commission goods, expired Fatui rations and bomb-making materials. Reporting back to her, she is still unsure as to what is going on but they bring the items back to the village nonetheless. She is aware that Naruse had stockpiled the goods and would try to sell them at an inflated price but she had previously issued a temporary decree preventing price gouging. Had Naruse bothered to keep up with the decrees for businesses, he would have known about it.

Returning to the village, they bring the stolen goods back. However, it does not stop the fact that he wanted to sell them at higher than intended prices, and as this went against her temporary decree, he would have to pay a fine for breaking the law. As Matsuda and Uchimura check the cart, they also find shrine items. Kokomi believes the Fatui were just dumping everything together and takes the shrine items, leaving the two soldiers to deal with the rest. Uchimura advises Kokomi to keep an open mind at the peace talks, as he is sure that their people knew what they saw. Kokomi agrees and asks the Traveler to walk with her to the shrine. On the way, she explains that the original shrine that also gave respect to the [[Raiden Shogun]] was near the Statue of The Seven on the island, but after [[Ei|Baal]] slew [[Orobashi]], relations have soured ever since. She hopes to have a talk about this at the negotiations as the grievances need to be let go. They meet several villagers before being greeted by [[Izumi Naki]], who tells them about the stolen shrine goods. Kokomi states that they've already acquired them, so Naki reminds her of the meeting with two young ladies from the textile industry. Kokomi apologizes to the Traveler for her busy schedule as she takes her leave.
----
;Her Secret
The two arrive at the shrine the following morning but Kokomi is nowhere to be found. Even after waiting longer, she still does not arrive, so Paimon suggests speaking to the soldier nearby. The soldier, [[Shibata]], is unaware where Kokomi has gone, but then remembers she had made a directive for this scenario. He directs them to a purple tree south of the shrine and suggests they wait there for her. Once there, Paimon spots a cave and they enter, finding Kokomi taking a nap inside. Kokomi is surprised by their presence but admits that she had never wanted to be a leader, yet her bloodline meant that it was inevitable. She has difficulty adjusting to the role of an ideal leader and is burdened with all the tasks she has to do, including the Victory Feast. She asks the Traveler to find a book for them to let her "regain" energy; while doing so, the Traveler finds some petitions, an "energy" list and finally a book on military treatise.

Kokomi falls asleep as the Traveler reads to her, so they stay with her for the time being. She wakes up sometime later and is reminded of the Victory Feast. She thanks the Traveler for helping her, feeling confident enough to get through the peace talks.
----
;Victory Banquet
Kokomi asks them to accompany her to start the festival. Everyone is happy that the war is over, and Kokomi tasks the Traveler with talking with the people to see if they could reveal anything important. Talking to [[Kabasawa]]. she tells them that she had seen a soldier acting strange and suggests they talk to him. The soldier, [[Kouzen]], has had too much to drink and challenges the Traveler to see if they possess the warrior's will. He is defeated and reveals that the rumors were fake and that they simply want war again, being unable to cope with the death of his friends as a result of the war. When the fighting suddenly ended, he and others felt like their comrades had given their lives "for nothing", despite the resistance winning what they had set out to achieve. He claims that it is too late to stop them.

Reporting back to Kokomi, she states that she has a plan in the works but wishes to not bring the conspirators to harm, telling them to meet her at the festival grounds the next day.
----
;New Beginning
Kokomi gives the Traveler a paper detailing all potential scenarios at the negotiations and how to address them. They head to a small island off [[Kannazuka]], where negotiations take place. When Sara mentions bringing the resistance's forces back under Tenryou control, Kokomi's guards snap and reveal the rumor, creating a tense stand-off between the resistance and Tenryou Commission while the Traveler quickly inserts themselves between the two forces. Kokomi notices two of the Tenryou guards not participating and unnerved, with Sara following her gaze to them. Sara orders the two guards, [[Motosuke]] and [[Sue Yoshitaka]], over to her. They admit that some Fatui met them and wanted to restart the war, although they are unsure as to how the resistance caught wind of the meeting. Sara is angered that they forgot what the Fatui had just done to Inazuma before asking them what they wanted out of it. They tell her that most left, but the few who remained were "[[Signora|her]]" forces that wanted to settle a score with the Shogunate. Sara vows to hunt them all down and apologizes to Kokomi for her negligence.

Kokomi states that due to internal issues in the commission, she is unwilling to release command of her soldiers to them for the time being. Sara agrees to set the issue aside for later and they finish negotiations. Sara promises to conduct another investigation: Kokomi lets Sara know that as they had just taken out a Fatui camp on Watatsumi Island, they would likely return to Narukami Island and try again to contact Tenryou forces for help. She suggests that if Sara doesn't do anything that could possibly tip them off, the Fatui forces will come right to them and the Tenryou Commission can then capture them all in one fell swoop. As the Tenryou Commission take their leave, the resistance soldiers attempt to apologize, but Kokomi tells them to explain themselves when they get back home.

Back at Watatsumi Island, the soldiers are surprised she knew of their intent and state that they couldn't stand by doing nothing when their comrades had died in the line of battle. Kokomi apologizes for not teaching them how to release their fighting will, but seeing as they still want to fight and protect the island, announces the formation of a new corps to protect the island as the negotiations revealed that the Tenryou Commission's leaders could not consistently protect them. The soldiers are surprised as they had expected punishment, but Kokomi states that she would do so if she heard of such insubordination again. As the soldiers leave to report to Gorou, she asks the Traveler to meet her at the purple tree.

Once there, Kokomi thanks the Traveler for helping her get through negotiations. While she realizes she still has a long way to go, she still needs to look out for the best interest for her people. She asks them if they could stay with her a little longer.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing|type=Story Quest}}

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=quest}}

==Trivia==
*After completing the Story Quest, various NPCs across Inazuma will have new dialogue regarding the ceasefire between Watatsumi and the Shogunate. The bulletin boards in [[Ritou]] and [[Inazuma City]] are also changed.

===Etymology===
*The Japanese name of the quest {{Lang|ja=春草や、戦の後の夢の迹|ja_rm=Harukusa ya, / Ikusa no ato no / Yume no ato|ja_tl=The spring grass–'Tis all that's left of the dream of the aftermath of a war}} is likely a reference to {{w|Matsuo Bashō|Matsuo Bashou}}'s ''haiku'' {{Lang|ja=夏草や 兵どもが 夢の跡|ja_rm=Natsukusa ya / Tsuwamono domo ga / Yume no ato}}, meaning "The summer grass–'Tis all that's left of ancient warriors' dreams" (non-''haiku'' translation by {{w|Nitobe Inazo}}u).

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing
|zhs     = 兵戈梦去，春草如茵
|zhs_rm  = Bīnggē Mèng Qù, Chūn Cǎo Rú Yīn
|zht     = 兵戈夢去，春草如茵
|zht_rm  = Bīnggē Mèng Qù, Chūn Cǎo Rú Yīn
|zh_tl   = The War has Gone Dreaming, the Spring Grass is Like a Mattress
|ja      = 春草や、戦の後の夢の迹
|ja_rm   = Harukusa ya, Ikuchi no Go no Yume no Ato
|ja_tl   = The Spring Grass-'Tis All That's Left of the Dream of the Aftermath of a War
|ko      = 봄풀처럼 자라나는 병사들의 꿈
|ko_rm   = Bompulcheoreom Jarananeun Byeongsadeul-ui Kkum
|ko_tl   = Soldiers Dream Growing like Spring Grasses
|es      = Sueños guerreros renovados
|es_tl   = Renovated Warrior Dreams
|fr      = Le renouveau des rêves d'un guerrier
|fr_tl   = The Revival of a Warrior's Dreams
|ru      = Мечты воинов подобны весенней траве
|ru_tl   = Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass
|th      = ความฝันของนักรบ กับผืนหญ้าในฤดูใบไม้ผลิ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Warrior's Dreams, and Grass During Spring
|vi      = Sau Cơn Mưa Trời Lại Sáng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Kriegerträume wie frisches Frühlingsgras
|de_tl   = Warriors' Dreams like Fresh Spring Grass
|id      = Mimpi Rumput Musim Semi si Prajurit
|id_tl   = The Warrior's Dream of Spring Grass
|pt      = Sonhos do Guerreiro como o Rejuvenescer da Grama da Primavera
|pt_tl   = Dreams of the Warrior Like the Rejuvenation of the Spring Grass
|tr      = Savaşçıların Hayalleri Bahar Çiçekleri Gibi Açarken
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = I sogni dei guerrieri si rinnovano come l'erba a primavera
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

[[es:Sueños guerreros renovados]]
[[ja:春草や、戦の後の夢の迹]]
[[pt-br:Sonhos do Guerreiro como o Rejuvenescer da Grama da Primavera]]
[[ru:Мечты воинов подобны весенней траве]]