{{Quest Infobox
|title         = Warrior's Spirit
|id            = 73688
|image         = Event Quest Warriors Spirit.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Warrior's Spirit
|part          = 3
|requirement   = Complete Challenge 5 of the Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Duel
|characters    = Akatsuki Saemon Juuzou; Hiiragi Chisato; Hirotatsu; Kamisato Ayaka; Kujou Sara; Matsumae; Paimon; Reina; Sae; Traveler; Yuu
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Inazuma City
|prev          = The Sight of the Divine Emissary
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Warrior's Spirit''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Warrior's Spirit]] Event.

==Steps==
# Wait until the next day (5:00 – 12:00)
# Go to the Kamisato Estate
# Go to the arena
# Enter the arena
# Defeat Maguu Kengou
#* {{Enemy|Maguu Kenki|text=Maguu Kengou &mdash; The Instructor}}
# Talk to Kamisato Ayaka

==Gameplay Notes==
* During step 5, the active party will be limited to a trial version of {{electro}} Traveler and Ayaka.
{{Trial Character/Event/Header}}
{{Trial Character/Event
|character_name         = Traveler (Electro)
|character_level        = 80
|constellation          = 
|weapon_name            = Amenoma Kageuchi
|hp                     = 15,430
}}
{{Trial Character/Event
|character_name         = Kamisato Ayaka
|character_level        = 80
|character_outfit       = Springbloom Missive
|constellation          = 
|weapon_name            = Amenoma Kageuchi
|hp                     = 19,198
}}
{{Trial Character/Event/Footer}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After a fierce contest, you gain the champion's crown. It is time to join Ayaka in taking the special envoy on...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After defeating [[Warrior's Spirit#V: Akatsuki Saemon Juuzou|Akatsuki Saemon Juuzou]] and leaving the arena)
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 akatsuki 01.ogg}} '''Akatsuki Saemon Juuzou:''' Your skills are superb. I've been thoroughly bested.
:{{DIcon}} It was an honor to fight against you.
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 reina 01.ogg}} '''Reina:''' Ladies and gentlemen, after an exhilarating battle, the champion for the Warrior's Spirit Swordfighting Exhibition has been decided! Give it up for... the Traveler!
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 reina 02.ogg}} '''Reina:''' Tomorrow, we will conduct the final exhibition match... The Traveler and Miss Kamisato versus the Almighty Shogun's chosen envoy, an autonomous humanoid known as the "Maguu Kengou."
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 reina 03.ogg}} '''Reina:''' We'll see you then!
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That was a most thrilling match, Traveler.
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Congratulations, Traveler. You've certainly earned your title as the champion!
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon had no idea that tomorrow's opponent would be the Maguu Kengou... That name sounds similar to that troublesome one we encountered on Yashiori Island. Oh, Paimon doesn't think it'll be an easy fight.
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Don't worry, Paimon. The Shogun's chosen envoy may be strong, but tomorrow's match doesn't prohibit the use of Visions. We'll make a formidable team.
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' As long as we can track its moves, an opportunity to strike back will present itself.
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hearing your confidence sure makes Paimon feel better!
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I cannot guarantee that we will win, but we must try our best, if just to give the crowd a show they will not forget.
:{{DIcon}} We can win, Ayaka.
:{{DIcon}} It'll definitely be an exciting match.
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' I can tell you two are already raring to go, but it'd be best to conserve your energy and get some rest tonight.
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll also be able to see Ayaka's new outfit when we wake up tomorrow. Ayaka in a Fontaine dress... Oh, Paimon can't wait!
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah, yes. Well...
:{{DIcon}} I can't wait, either.
::{{A|vo yweq003 1 ayaka 06a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Huh, Traveler... You too?
:{{DIcon}} Do you want me to pick you up in the morning?
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 hiiragichisato 03a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo yweq003 1 hiiragichisato 03b.ogg}}--> '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' Hehe, sounds like there's no way around it, Miss Ayaka. If I wasn't busy tomorrow, I would have loved to come see as well.
:{{A|vo yweq003 1 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah, I suppose it's settled then. I'll wait for you at the Kamisato Estate tomorrow morning.

;(Pass time)
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's about time to head over to the Kamisato Estate and pick up Ayaka! Oh, Paimon's been waiting to finally see Ayaka in her exhibition outfit!
----
;(Approach Hirotatsu at the Kamisato estate)
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 01.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Ah, you're finally here.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, it's Hirotatsu...
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Traveler already beat you a few days ago and won the championship. What else do you have to say, hmmmm?
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 02.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Don't worry, I'm not here to cause trouble. I just wanted to apologize. Traveler, I lost to you fair and square a few days ago.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 03.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Your swordsmanship is excellent. Each strike was precise but not aggressive, which speaks to your character. I ask your forgiveness for misjudging you and offending you with my words and actions.
:{{DIcon}} It's okay, it didn't bother me.
:{{DIcon}} I enjoyed our fight.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 04.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' The two of you must be here to pick up Miss Kamisato. She's in the dressing room right now and should be out soon.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 05.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Traveler, before the young lady comes out, I have a bit of a presumptuous request that I hope you can consider.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, what is it?
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 06.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Although the young lady has never mentioned today's exhibition match to us retainers, she has spared a few hours every evening to practice her swordsmanship, despite how busy she is.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 07.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' The young lady has always been diligent and conscientious. Although it's just an exhibition match and it won't matter if she loses, I trust that she will do her best to win.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 08.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' As a retainer, I do believe in her of course, but... I still hope you can support the young lady in the arena and ensure her safety.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I will.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 09.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' Traveler, I leave the young lady in your hands.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, that must be Ayaka!
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow...
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh? What's the matter? Why are you two so silent...? Is there something wrong with the outfit?
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Not at all! Ayaka, you look amazing... You're radiating beauty!
:{{DIcon}} This look really suits you.
::{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 07a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, yeah, you look like a spirited young lady who's just stepped off a boat from Fontaine!
::{{A|vo yweq003 2 ayaka 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Do you think so? I was worried that it might be a little over-the-top... I'm not sure I can pull this off.
::{{A|vo yweq003 2 ayaka 02a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But I'm relieved to hear your thoughts.
:{{DIcon}} It's a beautiful outfit and it suits you perfectly.
::{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 07b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just look at it! It even has the crest of the Kamisato Clan embroidered on it!
::{{A|vo yweq003 2 ayaka 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, Onodera had someone from the family make it over the last few days. I heard it was based on suggestions that the spectators had written on the ballots.
::{{A|vo yweq003 2 ayaka 02b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The outfit is well-tailored and offers more freedom of movement than I had expected.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon can't wait to see the look on everyone's faces when they see Ayaka.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you for the compliments, Paimon. Traveler, now that we're ready, let's head to the arena.
:{{A|vo yweq003 2 hirotatsu 10.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' My Lady, Traveler, I wish you all the best in the exhibition match.

;(Talk to Hirotatsu again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog yweq003 hirotatsu 01.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' My lady's outfit is beautiful. You can tell that she adores it, too.
:{{A|vo dialog yweq003 hirotatsu 02.ogg}} '''Hirotatsu:''' I'm relieved to see you both looking so composed before the match.
----
;(Approach the arena)
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 yuu 01.ogg}} '''Yuu:''' Hey look, Miss Kamisato and the Traveler have arrived!
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 sae 01.ogg}} '''Sae:''' Although I've seen illustrations of this outfit before, seeing Miss Kamisato wear it truly brings some unique flair.
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 matsumae 01.ogg}} '''Matsumae:''' It was worth lining up super early to get front-row seats. I'm really looking forward to today's match!
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, Ayaka became the center of attention the moment she appeared.
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 reina 01.ogg}} '''Reina:''' Ladies and gentlemen, your attention, please. The Warrior's Spirit exhibition match is about to begin. Please enter the arena in an orderly fashion and take your seats.
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 reina 02.ogg}} '''Reina:''' Miss Kamisato, Traveler, please come with me.
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Are you ready, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} I'm ready. Let's go.
::{{A|vo yweq003 3 ayaka 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Good. Let's give it our best. I look forward to fighting beside you.
:{{DIcon}} I still need time to prepare.
::{{A|vo yweq003 3 ayaka 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, don't worry, there's still some time. Once you've taken care of everything, we can enter the arena together.

;(Talk to Ayaka if "I still need time to prepare." was chosen)
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Are you ready, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} No problem. Let's go.
::{{A|vo yweq003 3 ayaka 02a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Good. Let's give it our best. I look forward to fighting beside you.
:{{DIcon}} I still need time to prepare.
::{{A|vo yweq003 3 ayaka 02b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, don't worry, there's still some time. Once you've taken care of everything, we can enter the arena together.

;(Talk to Matsumae again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog yweq003 matsumae 01.ogg}} '''Matsumae:''' I wonder what Ayaka will look like wearing a Fontaine outfit...

;(Talk to Reina again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog yweq003 reina 01.ogg}} '''Reina:''' Everyone is looking forward to this exhibition match. Good luck, Traveler!

;(Talk to Sae again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog yweq003 sae 01.ogg}} '''Sae:''' The Kamisato Art versus the Maguu Kengou... and don't forget the champion from the competition! This ticket was so worth it!

;(Talk to Yuu again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog yweq003 yuu 01.ogg}} '''Yuu:''' In the past, the Archon's Emissary always wore traditional outfits, but today is different.
----
;(While fighting Maguu Kengou)
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' What an overwhelming presence... Certainly worthy of being the Almighty Shogun's chosen envoy.
:{{A|vo yweq003 3 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' But with you by my side, we will emerge victorious. Let's go!

;(After defeating Maguu Kengou)
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, Ayaka, we're over here!
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 hiiragichisato 01.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' That was an extraordinary match. I don't know much about swordsmanship, but even I was caught up in the tense atmosphere of the arena. My heart's still pounding even now.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Your opponent's moves kept surprising Paimon, but it seems like the two of you were prepared for that.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Traveler, Miss Kamisato, congratulations on winning the exhibition match.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, it's Sara. You came to watch the competition too?
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I was ordered by the Almighty Shogun to observe this competition. You two displayed remarkable swordsmanship and cooperation. Not only did you present the beauty of the sword arts to the audience, I was also able to learn quite a bit myself.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'm flattered.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' All of you have been busy with various preparations for the competition. Today marks a perfect ending to this Warrior's Spirit event. Your efforts have been recognized by the Almighty Shogun.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 kujousara 04.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' I must return to the Tenshukaku and report on what happened at the exhibition match to the Almighty Shogun. Everyone, please excuse me.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 hiiragichisato 02.ogg}} '''Hiiragi Chisato:''' By the way, does everyone have plans now? If not, why don't we go to Uyuu Restaurant for a victory meal?
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great idea! We've been so focused on the competition lately that it's been a while since we've had a good meal! Let's go!
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Whew...
:{{DIcon}} What wrong, Ayaka?
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, it's nothing. The effects of winning are only now starting to sink in. Kujou Sara said that she learned a lot from the fight, and so did I.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Although the audience members might not have noticed, there were many moments where I would've been in trouble if it weren't for you by my side drawing away the opponent's attacks.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Without you, it would've been impossible for me to win on my own. It's just as I expected, my swordsmanship is still far from your level.
:{{DIcon}} Ayaka, you helped me many times as well.
:{{DIcon}} You're being too modest, Ayaka.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Really? Hearing you say that makes me want to spar with you all of a sudden.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' To tell you the truth, I've been hoping for an opportunity to spar with you ever since we first met. That wish was half fulfilled today at the exhibition match.
:{{DIcon}} Next time, we'll find a chance to go a few rounds.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Sure. But... until then, make sure you take good care of your sword. If I ever manage to steal it one day, your life will also be in my hands.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hehe... I've always wanted to say something like that. Did it sound strange?
:{{DIcon}} It sounded very much like Miss Orith.
:{{DIcon}} It was cute.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, what's the hold-up here? What are you talking about?
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' We were just talking about having a match to determine which of us is the superior swordfighter.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, you are so serious when it comes to swordsmanship. But, aren't you friends with the Traveler? Why do you need a match?
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It's precisely because we're friends that we should spar often and learn from each other.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh. Guess that kind of makes sense.
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, keep all I just said a secret?
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? What did Ayaka say?
:{{A|vo yweq003 4 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Nothing, let's get going.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Warrior's Spirit}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

[[pt-br:03 - Espírito do Guerreiro (Missão)]]
[[ru:Воинский дух (задание)]]