{{Event Tabs
|gallery = false
}}

==Warrior's Spirit Competition==
===Unexpected Battle===
{{Transclude|Unexpected Battle|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===The Sight of the Divine Emissary===
{{Transclude|The Sight of the Divine Emissary|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

===Warrior's Spirit===
{{Transclude|Warrior's Spirit (Event Quest)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Duels==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Reina)
:'''Reina:''' Are you ready for the competition?
:{{DIcon}} Okay, let's begin!

;(Bring Ibuki to half health)
:'''Ibuki:''' This... is my first time participating in this exhibition, so... Here I go!

;(Bring Hirotatsu to half health)
:'''Hirotatsu:''' You sure have what it takes to participate. Let's see if your swordsmanship is as good as your spirits!

;(Bring Younan to half health)
:'''Younan:''' Hehe, the blade from Inazuma versus the polearm from the desert. Let's find out which one can see the final victory.

;(Bring Taroumaru to half health)
:'''Taroumaru:''' Woof woof... Woof woof woof!

;(Bring Akatsuki Saemon Juuzou to half health)
:'''Akatsuki Saemon Juuzou:''' You're exposed.

;(Bring Maguu Kengou to half health)
:'''Maguu Kengou:''' Grr... *click*
{{Dialogue End}}

==Story Characters==
The following [[Playable Characters]] and regular (not event-exclusive) NPCs appear in event Story Quests.

{| class="article-table sortable align-center"
!Character !! Unexpected Battle !! The Sight of the Divine Emissary !! Warrior's Spirit
|-
|[[Kamisato Ayaka]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Kujou Sara]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Hiiragi Chisato]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Hirotatsu]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}}
|-
|[[Madarame Hyakubei]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || {{check|no}}
|}

==Event NPCs==
The following is a list of event-exclusive NPCs who appear during this event either as regular NPCs in the open world or as quest-only NPCs.
{| class="fandom-table sortable" style="text-align:center;"
|-
! Name !! Open World !! Quests !! Notes
|-
| [[Akatsuki Saemon Juuzou]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} ||
|-
| [[Matsumae]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || Open world NPC with dialogue that updates
|-
| [[Mizuta]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} ||
|-
| [[Onodera]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || Returning event-exclusive NPC introduced in [[Hues of the Violet Garden]]
|-
| [[Reina]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} || NPC for the event domain
|-
| [[Sae]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|yes}} || Open world NPC with dialogue that updates
|-
| [[Tadaaki]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} ||
|-
| [[Tadatsune]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} ||
|-
| [[Tetsuya]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} ||
|-
| [[Younan]] || {{check|yes}} || {{check|no}} || Open world NPC with dialogue that updates
|-
| [[Yuu]] || {{check|no}} || {{check|yes}} ||
|}

[[pt-br:Espírito do Guerreiro/História]]
[[ru:Воинский дух/История]]