{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Killed by Traveler in ''[[Sinister Instruction]]''
|image            = NPC Washizu.webp
|region           = Inazuma
|location         = Inazuma
}}
{{Lang|'''Washizu'''|ja=鷲津|ja_rm=Washidzu}} is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the {{Quest|Sinister Instruction}}.

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
Washizu was the chief of [[Higi Village]]. Prior to the [[Tatarigami]] outbreak on [[Yashiori Island]], he was a kind person who worked to improve the well-being of the villagers and islanders. He set up multiple shrines around the island with the intention of giving offerings to pacify [[Orobashi]]'s soul and ensure the health of villagers who came into contact with [[Crystal Marrow|Jakotsu Crystal]].<ref name="chouji quest">{{Ref/Quest|Gazing Three Thousand Miles Away}}</ref> He was also welcoming to outsiders, and is mentioned in the [[Teyvat Travel Guide]] as having greeted [[Alice]] with a feast when she visited the village.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Teyvat Travel Guide|3}}</ref>

Washizu was changed greatly after Watatsumi fanatics, who had infiltrated the [[Watatsumi Army]], broke the seals on Yashiori Island, releasing Orobashi's energy in the form of the Tatarigami. While he was initially unaffected, Washizu tried his best to maintain order in the village, which was taking in refugees from [[Jakotsu Mine]] as a result of the war. He took it upon himself as village chief to maintain the shrine near Orobashi's remains, believing it would help against the Tatarigami; he also accused [[Yasumoto]] of being a fraud for trying to comfort the people with a "remedy" of [[Lavender Melon]]s and [[Sweet Flower]]s.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Incomplete Notes}}</ref> He was also forced to lock up both their local pharmacist and a man named Shingo after they had gone insane from the Tatarigami, before Washizu himself eventually became infected with it.<ref>{{Ref/Item|Tattered Paper (Washizu)}}</ref> 

He began conducting human sacrifices for his god and left behind their possessions to draw unwary people in. [[Chouji]] states that, after the mine closed, Washizu began acting stranger, with his shrine practices becoming more "crazy," and people in the village who questioned his actions began to disappear. He would also stare at Chouji's house and talk to himself.<ref name="chouji quest" /> At one point, he captured Chouji's [[Chouji's Mother|mother]]; unlike the others, the Tatarigami flowed freely within her, which supposedly satisfied the god. However, she escaped his custody, supposedly angering this god, who demanded that he bring her back. Washizu tried with no success, before the Traveler arrived at his shrine and he told them to pray. After praying at the shrine for four days, Washizu snapped and attacked the Traveler, only to be slain in self-defense.

The [[Incomplete Register]] found in Higi Village reveals that after failing to acquire Chouji's mother, he attempted to use the Traveler as a sacrifice, referring to them as a "Nameless Outlander".

===Appearance===
Washizu shares the same appearance as [[Kairagi: Dancing Thunder|Dancing Thunder Kairagi]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
*Washizu's introduction dialogue for the day will be skipped if the Traveler prays at the shrine three times before speaking to him. Washizu will still repeat his introduction dialogue if the Traveler has only prayed once or twice.
*"That woman" that Washizu mentions on day 3 is implied to be Chouji's mother.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Washizu
|zhs     = 鹫津
|zhs_rm  = Jiùjīn
|zht     = 鷲津
|zht_rm  = Jiùjīn
|ja      = 鷲津
|ja_rm   = Washidzu
|ko      = //와시즈//
|es      = Washizu
|fr      = Washizu
|ru      = Васидзу
|th      = Washizu
|vi      = Washizu
|de      = Washizu
|id      = Washizu
|pt      = Washizu
|tr      = Washizu
|it      = Washizu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Washizu]]
[[pt-br:Washizu]]
[[th:Washizu]]