{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12020
|image         = Story Quest Sangonomiya Kokomi A1 Watatsumi Sightseeing.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Dracaena Somnolenta Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing
|character     = Sangonomiya Kokomi
|requirement   = Complete [[Omnipresence Over Mortals]] and [[Reflections of Mortality]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 40, and spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[Watatsumi Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Watatsumi Island
|prev          = 
|next          = Rumors Abound
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*400;Mora*27,825;Hero's Wit*3;Mystic Enhancement Ore*6
|characters    = Arisawa; Denjirou; Gorou; Koutoku; Matsuda; Naruse; Paimon; Sangonomiya Kokomi; Toshihiko; Traveler; Tsuneo; Uchimura; Yoshihisa
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Watatsumi Sightseeing''''' is the first part of {{Quest|Warriors' Dreams Like Spring Grass Renewing}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the agreed location on [[Watatsumi Island]]
# Talk to [[Gorou]]
# Defeat the roving [[Fatui/Enemies|Fatui]]
#*Wave 1:
#**{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Cryogunner Legionnaire|x=1}}
#**{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Pyroslinger Bracer|x=1}}
#**{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Electrohammer Vanguard|x=1}}
#*Wave 2:
#**{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Hydrogunner Legionnaire|x=1}}
#**{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer|x=1}}
#**{{Enemy|Fatui Skirmisher - Anemoboxer Vanguard|x=1}}
# Report back to Gorou
# Ask the soldiers for information
#* Talk to [[Denjirou]], [[Arisawa]], [[Yoshihisa]], and [[Tsuneo]]
# Head to [[Bourou Village]]
# Investigate the quarrel between the soldiers and the merchants

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The war is over, and you have received a letter from [[Kokomi]], saying that Watatsumi Island is going to hold a Victory Feast, and that she would like you to attend. However, when you arrive on Watatsumi Island, you find that not all is right with the world here...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Go to the agreed location on Watatsumi Island)
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This should be where Kokomi said to meet her.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you still remember this place?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon remembers we came by here last time we visited Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That was back when you did your stint as Captain of Swordfish II. [[Paimon]]'s curious whether the resistance troops still remember you...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Things on the island must have changed a lot since then! Shall we take a look around?

:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' If the enemy outnumbers you, seek their weakness and exploit it. If you outnumber the enemy, seek unequivocal domination and crush them...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Marauders on the waterfront are supplied by sea. Burning their ships is the path to success...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 toshihiko 01.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' General Gorou, Sir. Do you have a verdict?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' More or less. From the directives left behind by Her Excellency, we can surmise that a Fatui ship is moored nearby. This explains their aggressive posture.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We could split into two teams &mdash; one to draw their attention, the other to circle around behind enemy lines and set fire to their ship. They'd have nowhere to run!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Then again, Her Excellency made clear that we are not to split up without sufficient forces. We'd risk being picked off one by one until our whole line of defense disintegrated...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 koutoku 01.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' Sir, shall I send for reinforcements?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I doubt there's time. Based on their movements, they'd likely be gone before our troops arrived.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency's directives also stipulate that we should "Wait in ambush and avoid making the first move." Since we lack sufficient troops, I don't think we can afford to engage the enemy at this time.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 toshihiko 02.ogg}} '''Toshihiko:''' Sir... We're just going to stand by and watch them leave? Surely there must be another way!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...Her Excellency's directives also state: "Help may arrive when all seems lost..." As for where this help is supposed to come from, I&mdash;
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, Gorou! What're you guys up to?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 koutoku 02.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' Captain! You've returned to Watatsumi Island!
:{{DIcon}} Here to lend a hand.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That's great! Her Excellency's directives are as reliable as ever... {{Traveler}}, you've arrived just in time.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Recently, the remnants of the Fatui forces have been unusually active. We've been monitoring their movements waiting in ambush here.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Unfortunately, we don't have the manpower to split into two teams. Can we ask you to keep them occupied?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hard to say no when it's the Fatui. Whatever they're planning, we won't let them get away with it.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Good! There's not a moment to lose. We'll go behind enemy lines and sabotage their ship. Let's meet back here afterward.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Watch yourselves. We'll be back shortly.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like the resistance still remembers us! C'mon, let's help them get this situation under control!
----
;(After defeating first wave of Fatui)
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 soldiera 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' Comrades! They've set the ship on fire!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 soldierb 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' An arson attack!? Curse them!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 1 soldierc 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Skirmisher:''' They leave us no choice but to attack! Comrades, let's make them regret it!
----
;(Report back to Gorou)
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We were lucky to have you here. We'd have had no way to prevent their escape without you.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's that you're holding? Is it the directives from Kokomi?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see... Oh wow, this is a whole book! Is it ALL Kokomi's directives?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yeah. Well, no, not all of them &mdash; I have five more volumes with me.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you serious!?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency always plans for every scenario. Plus, these are her General Operational Directives, which are more comprehensive than most.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Still, we're fortunate to have them. They make sure we're prepared for every eventuality, no matter how complex.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whew, understanding every eventuality sounds tiring enough, let alone writing them all down. Must have taken Kokomi a heck of a long time...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 koutoku 01.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' Captain! Are you back on Watatsumi Island to lead Swordfish II again? We've all been feeling your absence.
:{{DIcon}} Is Swordfish II still going strong?
:{{DIcon}} How's everyone doing?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 koutoku 02.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' Her Excellency says that now is a time of peace, and that we should reduce the size of the military and focus on helping the civilian population return to normal life.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 koutoku 03.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' About half of us are still organized into task forces, supporting the platoons. The other half have been given various other functions like patrol, construction, and farming.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 koutoku 04.ogg}} '''Koutoku:''' Of course, not everyone's happy about it. The other day, an old buddy of mine was grumbling about being forced to build houses. Said they'd have to drag him away from the front line kicking and screaming, hahaha.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The spirit of the resistance is alive and well, huh...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Anyway, we're here because Kokomi invited us to the Victory Feast. Do you know where we can find her, Gorou?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I believe Her Excellency is currently at Bourou Village.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There were reports of a possible disturbance over there. If I'm not mistaken, Her Excellency has gone to deal with it in person.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We should probably get going ourselves. And uh... {{Traveler}}, on your way over, please check in on the soldiers.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm sensing a growing unease among them, but I don't know what's causing it... They won't say.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' They used to tell me all their concerns, but whatever this is, they're keeping it hidden... I don't like it one bit &mdash; I suspect there's trouble afoot.
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'll see what I can do.
:{{DIcon}} It'll be nice to catch up with them.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds good! Paimon was just thinking it'd be good to see everyone again.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ready when you are, {{Traveler}}!
----
;(Ask [[Denjirou]])
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 01.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' Wait, aren't you... Captain of Swordfish II?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 02.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' It is you! You have our gratitude. Watatsumi Island wouldn't have come to peace without your efforts.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 03.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' I wasn't with Swordfish II, but I did see you in Tatarasuna.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 04.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' You really gave it to those [[Shogunate Samurai]] in the fight of honor! It was quite the show!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 05.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' Is there anything you need from me? I'm at your service!
:{{DIcon}} I've heard people are a bit on edge these days...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 06.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' On edge, you say? Ah yeah... Yeah, I've noticed it too.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 07.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' In fairness, the battle isn't long over and, well, perhaps it isn't quite over for them, know what I mean? Every single person looked death in the face that day. That's not an experience you forget in a hurry.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 08.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' Victory's declared and all of a sudden, the fighting's over &mdash; but people can't just snap back into normal life again. I think things will improve, but it's gonna take some time.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 09.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' I don't know what else it could be. But what I do know is that as long as Her Excellency is with us, Watatsumi Island is safe.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 denjirou 10.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' And all the more so now that you're back! Seriously, if there's ever anything you need, just say the word.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a nice guy... Let's go ask some other people.

;(Talk to Denjirou again)
:{{A|vo dialog xhlq001 denjirou 01.ogg}} '''Denjirou:''' I'm right here if you need any help.
----
;(Ask [[Arisawa]])
:{{A|vo xhlq001 4 arisawa 01.ogg}} '''Arisawa:''' *yawn*... Peace at last... Livin' the dream...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 4 arisawa 02.ogg}} '''Arisawa:''' Hmm? Don't I know you...?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 4 arisawa 03.ogg}} '''Arisawa:''' I've definitely seen you somewhere before... Can't place you, but I'm guessing you're not with the Shogun's Army. So, do you need something?
:{{DIcon}} I hear people are feeling unsettled at the moment...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 4 arisawa 04.ogg}} '''Arisawa:''' Unsettled? ...Unsettled how? I haven't noticed anything.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 4 arisawa 05.ogg}} '''Arisawa:''' Not that I would, necessarily. I keep to myself mostly. They're all too rowdy for me.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 4 arisawa 06.ogg}} '''Arisawa:''' We're at peace now, finally, and I for one intend  to make the most of it. My life right now is about two things, and two things only: the sun and the sea breeze.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 4 arisawa 07.ogg}} '''Arisawa:''' *yawn* Sorry that I can't be of more help to you. I'll tell you someone you could ask, though &mdash; Sangonomiya. She knows everything.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh... Seems he's about to fall asleep. Let's leave him to rest and go find someone else to ask.

;(Talk to Arisawa again)
:{{A|vo dialog xhlq001 arisawa 01.ogg}} '''Arisawa:''' *yawn*... I'd love to help you more, but uh, kinda resting here, so...
----
;(Ask [[Yoshihisa]] and [[Tsuneo]])
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 yoshihisa 01.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Ugh, I don't understand what Her Excellency is thinking. I mean, peace talks? Gimme a break. Why would she agree to that?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 tsuneo 01.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' Exactly... everyone knows you can't trust the [[Tenryou Commission]]. I heard they've been secretly coordinating with the Fatui and plan to continue their attacks.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 yoshihisa 02.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Wait, for real? You're sure of this?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 tsuneo 02.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' Positive. Some of our guys had a run-in with a few Fatui. They caught them conspiring together, first-hand.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 yoshihisa 03.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' I knew it! The Tenryou Commission are a bunch of crooks &mdash; they'll never change. Honestly... it's kinda naïve of Her Excellency to take them at their word, isn't it?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 tsuneo 03.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' Shh, keep your voice down, someone's coming.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, whatcha talkin' about?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 yoshihisa 04.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Oh, uh, Captain {{Traveler}}? You're back!
:{{DIcon}} I'm here to join you at the Victory Feast.
:{{DIcon}} What's new? Anything to report?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 yoshihisa 05.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Do you think we should tell the captain about what we were discussing just now?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 tsuneo 04a.ogg}} {{A|vo xhlq001 5 tsuneo 04b.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' No, let's not mention it. {{MC|He|She}}'s one of her closest advisers. For all we know, the peace talks could have been {{MC|his|her}} idea...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 yoshihisa 06.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' I'm sure the captain would see where we're coming from... But you're right, we should play it safe.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 yoshihisa 07.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Uh, welcome back to Watatsumi Island, Captain! Nothing to report here, everything is A-OK!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 tsuneo 05.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' Her Excellency should be in the village at present. Head straight over if you wish, Captain!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, Paimon definitely detected some hush-hush going on there... But if they aren't gonna talk, we might as well head over to the village.

;(Talk to Yoshihisa or Tsuneo again)
:{{A|vo dialog xhlq001 yoshihisa 01.ogg}} '''Yoshihisa:''' Uh &mdash; reporting in Captain! ...Nothing to report!
:{{A|vo dialog xhlq001 tsuneo 01.ogg}} '''Tsuneo:''' If you're looking for Her Excellency, you should find her in the village.
----
;(Head to Borou Village)
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 matsuda 01.ogg}} '''[[Matsuda]]:''' Admit it! We know you've been secretly supplying the Tenryou Commission with goods purchased on Watatsumi Island!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 matsuda 02.ogg}} '''Matsuda:''' I knew something was off about a Tenryou Commission merchant doing business here. So what do you have to say for yourself, huh?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 01.ogg}} '''[[Naruse]]:''' I'm innocent...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 uchimura 01.ogg}} '''[[Uchimura]]:''' Ha! You're as guilty as they come. You never should've been allowed to set foot on this island, let alone do business here.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 uchimura 02.ogg}} '''Uchimura:''' Take him away!
:{{DIcon}} Hold on, are we...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 01.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Wait!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Kokomi! There you are!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Something's going down over here, you should take a look, pronto!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 matsuda 03.ogg}} '''Matsuda:''' Your Excellency! This merchant is suspected of criminal activity, so we seized him for questioning.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 matsuda 04.ogg}} '''Matsuda:''' Our surveillance shows that in his whole time here, he has made numerous purchases but no sales. And yet he has no stock in his possession. We believe it's highly probable that he has been supplying the Tenryou Commission behind the scenes!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 02.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' I&mdash;I haven't... I...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 02.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' That will do. Let's not let ourselves get too worked up here, shall we? Everyone take a deep breath with me, in... and out... Better?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 03.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Matsuda, Uchimura &mdash; I understand that you're concerned for the safety of Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 04.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But before we make any decision over whether this merchant is guilty or not, we must give him the chance to explain himself.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 05.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' If he's guilty, of course there will be consequences. But if he's innocent, he doesn't deserve to be falsely accused. This is Watatsumi Island. We deal in facts, not opinions.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 06.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Excuse me, Sir. As you know, my subordinates have some concerns surrounding your commercial activity here. Perhaps you could explain your side of the story, to help me reach a verdict?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 03.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' Of course, I can explain everything!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 04.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' I'm a trader on the island, so naturally I've built up some inventory. I was planning to hold off on selling until the prices went up, but then... Uh, ahem.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 05.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' Uh... Oh, oh! But then, I was robbed by the Fatui. They took everything! Think about that! First I lose all my inventory, then I get treated like a criminal...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 uchimura 03.ogg}} '''Uchimura:''' Hmph. And why should we believe you?
:{{DIcon}} On the way here...
:{{DIcon}} We ran into some Fatui...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 uchimura 04.ogg}} '''Uchimura:''' So what? That doesn't prove they took his goods!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 uchimura 05.ogg}} '''Uchimura:''' And even if they did, it'll still end up in the Tenryou Commission's hands. They're in this together!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 06.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' What? The Tenryou Commission are colluding with the Fatui now? ...That's the first I've heard of it!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 07.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' Supposed it is true &mdash; what's that got to do with me...?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Would the Tenryou Commission start colluding with the Fatui after the fighting's already finished? Hmm, seems unlikely to Paimon.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We met a [[Kujou Kamaji|representative]] of the [[Kujou Clan]] recently. It doesn't seem like he'd have the time to be colluding right now.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But on the way over here, we accidentally-on-purpose overheard some soldiers mention the exact same thing. Kokomi, do you know anything about it?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 07.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' It has been brought to my attention, yes.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 08.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' We are scheduled to begin peace talks with the Tenryou Commission soon. The [[Kamisato Clan]] has arranged for them to take place in a neutral location.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 09.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' [[Kujou Sara]] and I will be accompanied by our guards. We will use the talks to discuss future plans in detail.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 10.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' But just as arrangements for the peace talks began to fall into place, I started hearing rumors of collusion between the [[Kujou Clan]] and the Fatui. Allegedly, their goal is to completely wipe out Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 11.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' If that is the case, then the peace talks are likely a trap. Even the Kamisato Clan could be involved...
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 12.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Sir, are you quite certain that your goods were stolen by the Fatui?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 08.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' Yes, it's the truth, I swear! They stole my goods and then ran off that way. I'll bet that's where their hideout is!
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 13.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Very well. Hmm... The potential ramifications of this incident are serious. We will retrieve your goods and if everything is in order, it will prove your innocence.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 14.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' However, if we find evidence to corroborate the claims of collusion between the Fatui and the Tenryou Commission, I expect you to fully comply with our investigation. Do we have an understanding?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 naruse 09.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' Yes, of course! Thank you, Your Excellency.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 15.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Matsuda, Uchimura?
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 matsuda 05.ogg}} '''Matsuda:''' Well received, Your Excellency.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 16.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Good. Now, Traveler&mdash; I mean, Captain of Swordfish Platoon, Section II, would you join me in the investigation?
:{{DIcon}} Sure thing.
::{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 17a.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hehe, good... I look forward to seeing how you've progressed lately.
::{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 17a 1.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Ah... I also have a few new things to teach you. Alright, follow me.
:{{DIcon}} Ma'am, yes, Ma'am!
::{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 17b.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Hehe, at ease, soldier! For the time being, at least, we are in peace time.
::{{A|vo xhlq001 6 kokomi 17b 1.ogg}} '''Sangonomiya Kokomi:''' Besides, I'm sure you won't be on Watatsumi Island forever. Whatever titles we may have, we're friends first and foremost.

:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we do find the merchant's goods in the hands of the Fatui, it'll prove he's innocent.
:{{A|vo xhlq001 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whatever's going on between the Fatui and the Tenryou Commission, we need to get to the bottom of it!

;(Talk to Naruse, Matsuda, or Uchimura again, optional)
:{{A|vo dialog xhlq001 matsuda 01.ogg}} '''Matsuda:''' Don't get cocky!
:{{A|vo dialog xhlq001 uchimura 01.ogg}} '''Uchimura:''' It's no use looking for an escape route!
:{{A|vo dialog xhlq001 naruse 01.ogg}} '''Naruse:''' Just you wait until Her Excellency finishes her investigation...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
*The Chinese version uses the term {{Lang|"brocade bag"|zh=锦囊|zh_rm=jǐnnáng}} for the "directives" of Sangonomiya Kokomi. It likely refers to the Chinese idiom {{Lang|"[in a] brocade bag, [there is a] marvelous plan"|zh=锦囊妙计|zh_rm=jǐnnáng miàojì}}, meaning a "cunning contingency plan prepared in advance," which originates from the Chinese historical novel ''{{w|Romance of the Three Kingdoms}}'' (14th century).<ref>NGA: [https://bbs.nga.cn/read.php?tid=28016578 {{zh|闲聊杂谈:关于稻妻人名地名角色天赋命座的考据(更新珊瑚宫心海九条裟罗考据)}}]</ref>
**In the novel, this plan was devised by the strategist {{w|Zhuge Liang}} known as the "Crouching Dragon," who may have inspired the constellation name of Kokomi ("Sleeping Dragon").
**The same word play is seen in the Chinese version of [[A Stunning Stratagem]], the special food of Kokomi.
*The Japanese version uses the term {{Lang|"scroll of the tiger"|ja=虎の巻|ja_rm=tora no maki}} for the "directives" of Sangonomiya Kokomi. It means a valuable textbook that covers the secrets of a skill or a strategy. The word comes from the ''Tiger Strategy'', that is to say, the 4th volume of the ''{{w|Six Secret Teachings}}'', a Chinese military strategy book written before the 2th century BC.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Watatsumi Sightseeing
|zhs     = 海祇见闻
|zhs_rm  = Hǎiqí Jiànwén
|zht     = 海祇見聞
|zht_rm  = Hǎiqí Jiànwén
|zh_tl   = What is Seen and Heard in Watatsumi
|ja      = 海祇の見聞
|ja_rm   = Watatsumi no Kenbun
|ja_tl   = Watatsumi Experience
|ko      = 와타츠미 견문
|ko_tl   = Watatsumi Experience
|es      = Turismo en Watatsumi
|es_tl   = Tourism in Watatsumi
|fr      = Visite de Watatsumi
|fr_tl   = Visit of Watatsumi
|ru      = Осмотр Ватацуми
|ru_tl   = Watatsumi Sightseeing
|th      = ข่าวสารจากเกาะ Watatsumi
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = News From Watatsumi Island
|vi      = Tin Tức Watatsumi
|vi_tl   = Watatsumi News
|de      = Besichtigungen in Watatsumi
|de_tl   = Sightseeings in Watatsumi
|id      = Tamasya Watatsumi
|id_tl   = Watatsumi Sightseeing
|pt      = Turismo em Watatsumi
|pt_tl   = Tourism at Watatsumi
|tr      = Watatsumi Gezisi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Visita a Watatsumi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Turismo en Watatsumi]]