{{Stub|Picture}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = 
|type         = Species
|type2        = Lore
|type3        = Natlan Culture
|region       = Natlan
}}
The '''Wayob''' are entities venerated by the [[Natlan/Culture#Tribes of Natlan|six tribes of Natlan]]. They are believed to embody the will of the tribes' ancestors.

==Overview==
According to the [[Miracles of the Dreamseeker Priest|Dreamseeker Priest]], the Wayob are non-corporeal beings, consisting of "will without form or thought." They reside in the [[Night Kingdom]] and are capable of seeing the past and future. Each tribe has its own Wayob that it calls upon for protection and blessings, and it is believed that the dreams of the tribe's chief communicate their Wayob's will. The Wayob choose certain tribal members to inherit [[Ancient Name]]s. While the Wayob are not physically present in [[Natlan]], they can manifest there with the power of obsidian totems and Nightsouls, e.g., in the form of [[Wayob Manifestation]]s. It is unknown to the people why these Manifestations appear, although it is believed that they are sent to solve some problem.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|To the Night, What is the Night's}}</ref>

The survival of Natlan's people is tied to the Wayob. Due to the longstanding effects of the [[Abyss]], without the protection of the Wayob, Natlanese people may suffer memory loss and emotional issues. The Wayob cannot extend their protection beyond Natlan's borders without expending power reserved for fighting the Abyss, so most locals choose not to leave Natlan. If they do, they must first receive the approval of the Wayob via the tribal chief, which involves a complicated bureaucratic process. With the Abyss's invasion of the Night Kingdom, the Wayob became infected with Abyssal energy. This greatly reduced their connection to the people, posing a grave danger to all of Natlan.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Past and Future}}</ref>

After the Night Kingdom was purged of its Abyssal influence, the Wayob continue their normal duties. Shortly after the cleansing, the Wayob informed [[Citlali]] that the first [[Pyro Archon]], [[Xbalanque]], was returning to the human world.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|After the Peace}}</ref>

==Known Individuals==
{| class="article-table"
!Name
!Tribe
|-
|[["The Great Spirit of This Land"]]
|[[Children of Echoes]]
|-
|[[Maghan's Master]]
|[[Masters of the Night-Wind]]
|-
|[[Weakened Wayob Manifestation]]
|''Unknown''
|}

==Trivia==
* Other Night Kingdom entities that may be Wayob:
** [["Beast With Fur Like That of Night"]]
** [["Projection of an Obsidian Tablet"]]
* {{Furnishing Mentions}}
===Etymology===
* ''{{w|Wayob}}'' is the plural form of the Mayan word ''way'' "to sleep," which in Yucatec Maya is a person who transforms in their sleep into an animal in order to do harm. In ''Genshin Impact'', ''Wayob'' is used for both the singular and plural.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Wayob
|zhs      = 大灵
|zhs_rm   = Dàlíng
|zht      = 大靈
|zht_rm   = Dàlíng
|zh_tl    = Great Spirit
|ja       = 大霊
|ja_rm    = Tairei<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Into Eternal Night|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 대영혼
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Wayob
|fr       = Wayob
|ru       = Вайоб
|th       = Wayob
|vi       = Wayob
|de       = Wayob
|id       = Wayob
|pt       = Wayob
|tr       = Wayob
|it       = Wayob
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[es:Wayob]]