{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19141
|type          = Hangout
|region        = Inazuma
|chapter       = Kuki Shinobu
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Gang's Daily Deeds
|description   = The Police Station's Uesugi is fretting about the Arataki Gang...
|startLocation = [[Inazuma City]], [[Inazuma]]
|requirement   = 
|next          = To the Shrine
|next2         = Gang Bylaws
|next3         = Key Decision
|characters    = Akira; Genta; Kuki Shinobu; Mamoru; Traveler; Uesugi
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Ways and Means''' is a quest in [[Kuki Shinobu]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Gang's Daily Deeds]].

==Steps==
# Go to the Police Station and talk to Uesugi
# Talk to Kuki Shinobu

==Dialogue==
===The Arataki Support Group...?===
{{Quest Description|The Police Station's Uesugi is fretting about the Arataki Gang...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the Police Station and talk to Uesugi)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''[[Kuki Shinobu]]:''' I do apologize. As I've explained before, it's a constant battle for [[Arataki Itto|Mr. Arataki]] with his mental instabilities. I know it's caused no end of problems for you, and I can assure you that he regularly feels very remorseful about that, too.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Exactly, yes, and that's why he has such a big heart for other people struggling with similar issues. Uh, the [[Arataki Gang|Arataki Support Group]] was actually founded precisely to try and bring something positive out of that...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Yes, all of them are good, honest people underneath. It's just a shame that they still haven't found a cure, after all this time...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Oh but — no no no, not me. I'm not a sufferer.
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm? Ah, (Traveler), just the person I need.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Mr. Uesugi, my friend here can confirm everything I've told you about Mr. Arataki. To put it simply, he experiences strong emotion more acutely than most, and easily becomes highly excitable.
:{{DIcon}} I guess that's true...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' And, deep down inside, all the members of the Arataki Support Group are some of the most down-to-earth, kindhearted people you could ever meet.
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, I guess so...
::{{DIcon}} (But that seems besides the point...)
::{{DIcon}} (But that's not the full story...)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 uesugi 01.ogg}} '''[[Uesugi]]:''' Huh, even the Traveler is here to vouch for the [[Arataki Gang]]. So you're saying we've had them wrong all this time?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} (Shinobu is giving us the look which means "play along"...)
:{{DIcon}} Otherwise, why would Shinobu have stayed in the gang?
:{{DIcon}} Otherwise, how would the Arataki Gang have been able to keep Shinobu?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 uesugi 02.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' You make a good point. You know, I heard [[Yoriki]] [[Owada]] saying how the Arataki Gang's deputy has studied abroad and is well-versed in the law... I was wondering why someone with that much talent would choose to stay with the Arataki Gang...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 uesugi 03.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' Here's the thing, though: We have solid evidence that those three were illegally posting flyers everywhere, and we've received a lot of complaints from members of the local community. I appreciate what you're saying and everything, I'm just not sure I can let them off so easily...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Please accept my sincere apologies once again for all of that.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Mamoru and the others probably believed that they would be able to reach more people in need this way. Unfortunately, they were so eager to help that they ended up causing more problems than they solved.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' The Arataki Support Group assumes full responsibility. We will work quickly to restore the clean and tidy living environment that the community quite rightly expects.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...But with only myself available, I'm afraid that it could take a very long time to remove all the flyers. Having their help would've made things much quicker...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm just a little concerned that if progress is too slow, the complaints will only keep coming, which ultimately only makes more work for you and your colleagues.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 uesugi 04.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' I... Ugh, alright, fine. I'll go fetch them... but don't think I'm gonna make a habit of this!

:'''''Uesugi escorts the Arataki Gang out of the Police Station...'''''

:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''[[Mamoru]]:''' Finally, we're saved...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 akira 01.ogg}} '''[[Akira]]:''' Hey, hey! I knew Shinobu wouldn't abandon us!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 genta 01.ogg}} '''[[Genta]]:''' What uuuup! The Arataki Gang is back in town!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ahem! Sorry, they're getting a little over-excited at the prospect of being able to serve the community.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 uesugi 05.ogg}} '''Uesugi:'''Alright, guys... make sure you get every last one of those flyers back, okay?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 uesugi 06.ogg}} '''Uesugi:'''And don't forget to apologize to the residents and ask for forgiveness!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I assure you, there won't be any problems — will there, guys?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Uhh... Y—Yes! No problems!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' W—We'll be sure to get the job done!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 uesugi 07.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' *sigh* ...I really hope letting them go was the right decision... They'd better not cause any more trouble...

;(Talk to Uesugi again)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914101 uesugi 08.ogg}} '''Uesugi:''' I really hope letting them go was the right decision...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ways and Means===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Kuki Shinobu)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 01.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Alright then, Shinobu, we, uh... will go apologize then?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 01.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Yeah, we'd better be quick, or...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 01.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Not so fast.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 01.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Ahhh!!!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 02.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Last month, you almost got the fire brigade out when you were roasting Lavender Melons. Five days ago, you angered the whole neighborhood by hosting The Great Singalong in the middle of the night. And today, you go plastering flyers all over town...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 03.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' How many times will you have to be arrested before this stops?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 02.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' But... we put up those flyers to tell everyone how great the Arataki Gang is...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 04.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' No more excuses. You know, I had real plans at [[Uyuu Restaurant]] today... but it looks like you guys need a little slap on the wrist first.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 02.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Eek! Help, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 02.ogg}} '''Genta:''' P—Please, you don't wanna do this... you could have just left us in jail instead!
:{{DIcon}} (Step forward to defend them.)
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 05.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Don't feel sorry for them, (Traveler). They need to learn their lesson.
::{{DIcon}} It's more important that they apologize...
::;(Proceed to [[Ways and Means#Branch 1|Branch 1]])
::{{DIcon}} Oh? Then allow me!
::;(Proceed to [[Ways and Means#Branch 2|Branch 2]])
:{{DIcon}} (Slowly back away...)
:;(Proceed to [[Ways and Means#Branch 3|Branch 3]])

==== Branch 1 ====
:{{DIcon}} It's more important that they apologize...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 03.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Yes, yes! Shinobu, please just let us go apologize!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 03.ogg}} '''Akira:''' If someone else complains, they'll only arrest us again...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 03.ogg}} '''Genta:''' ...and then you'll be forced to help us out again.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 06.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmph... I suppose I'll have to teach you a lesson later.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 07.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' So then. Where did you post all your flyers, hmm?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 04.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Well... umm... we left a few on the counter at [[Shimura's]]...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 04.ogg}} '''Genta:''' We figured that people might take a look while they're eating... Also, the Bulletin Board at [[Tsukumomono Groceries]]...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 04.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' And... uh... also... also, um...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 08.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Just say it.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 05.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Right! Of course! ...Also, on the mountain path leading up to the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]]—
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 05.ogg}} '''Akira:''' We wanted to send the message, "Why pray to the gods when you can call for the Arataki Gang!" ...but we'd only distributed a few before a terrifying fox lady appeared right behind us!
:{{DIcon}} ...Really? How terrifying, exactly?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 05.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Ahh! Don't make me relive the memory!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 06.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' ...W—Well anyway, by the time we'd recovered our wits, we were already at the [[Police Station]]...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 06.ogg}} '''Akira:''' We were actually pretty relieved to be there, under the circumstances...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 06.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Yeah, 'cause it meant we'd escaped from the fox lady... Huh? Shinobu, why are you looking at us like that...?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 09.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It looks like I need to knock some serious sense into you after all.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 07.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Y—You said it was just gonna be a slap on the wrist!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 07.ogg}} '''Akira:''' We've learned our lesson, honest!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 07.ogg}} '''Genta:''' (Traveler), help!
:{{DIcon}} ...Let's go apologize at the shrine first!
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 10.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' No! Anywhere but the shrine!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 08.ogg}} '''Genta:''' No way! We're not going back there! We're gonna stay as far away from her as possible...
:{{DIcon}} Shall we just get them to go apologize to Miko?
::{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 08.ogg}} '''Akira:''' No way! We're not going back there! We're gonna stay as far away from her as possible...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 08.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Sh—Shinobu, w—we're gonna go apologize to [[Shimura Kanbei|Kanbei]] now, umm bye!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 09.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, and [[Aoi]], too! Hey, wait up...
:'''''The three young rascals flee as fast as they can...'''''
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 11.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Huh, I swear I've never seen them run that fast before...
:{{DIcon}} Miko seems to have left a lasting impression on them.
:{{DIcon}} I think you may have scared them off...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 12.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Ugh... Of all the places they could cause a scene, they just had to pick the shrine...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 13.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...I guess I'll have to suck it up and go sort this out?
:{{DIcon}} I know a lot of people at the shrine...
:{{DIcon}} Why don't I come with you?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 14.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's not that I don't know anyone there, it's just... *sigh* Okay, fine.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 15.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It'll probably go more smoothly with you there. The sooner this is over, the better... I don't want to spend a second longer at that place than I have to.
:{{DIcon}} (This reminds me... at [[The Chasm]]...)
:{{DIcon}} (Shinobu said she doesn't like the shrine...)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 16.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Anyway, thank you for coming with me, (Traveler).
:;''(Proceeds to [[To the Shrine]])''

==== Branch 2 ====
:{{DIcon}} Oh? Then allow me!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 17.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Really?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 09.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Ah!?
:{{DIcon}} Punishment isn't necessary to teach them a lesson.
:{{DIcon}} Sometimes, rules are more effective.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 18.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Rules? You're saying... we should lay down some rules for the guys?
:{{DIcon}} The [[Knights of Favonius]] have a handbook...
:{{DIcon}} The [[Millelith]] also abides by a strict contract...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 19.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' It's true, having a clear set of regulations and penalties could help establish behavioral norms for our members.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 20.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Is that really why I can never get them to change? Because the Arataki Gang doesn't have any written rules and regulations?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 mamoru 10.ogg}} '''Mamoru:''' Hey, are you getting this? What do they mean?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 09.ogg}} '''Akira:''' I'm not sure, but it sounds like... it doesn't involve us getting beaten up?
:{{DIcon}} You could write an "Arataki Gang Handbook" for them to study.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 21.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Hmm... let me think about it. The "Arataki Gang Handbook"...
:'''Mamoru:''' S—Study? They're not gonna make us memorize a whole book, are they?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 10.ogg}} '''Akira:''' No way... I'd take the beating over that!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 10.ogg}} '''Genta:''' Hey, guys — Shinobu seems distracted. Maybe we should slip away while we can...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 22.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' ...Yes, if we can make them learn the rules by heart, it's sure to have some amount of influence on their behavior.
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 23.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' But knowing what they're like, to really get it into their heads... I'll have to assign plenty of homework assignments and give them pop quizzes each day... Huh?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 24.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Where'd they go?
:{{DIcon}} I... I didn't see...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 25.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Tsk... Well, given that this way is Tenshukaku and the Police Station, you can bet they'll have fled in the opposite direction!
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 26.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' Who knows what chaos they'll cause next if we leave them to their own devices...
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 shinobu 27.ogg}} '''Kuki Shinobu:''' I'm gonna need your help, (Traveler). Let's catch these kids before they do something stupid.
:;''(Proceeds to [[Gang Bylaws]])''

==== Branch 3 ====
:{{DIcon}} (Slowly back away...)
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 genta 11.ogg}} '''Genta:''' (Traveler)? Are you serious!?
:{{A|vo jqrcop001 1914102 akira 11.ogg}} '''Akira:''' Shinobu... please, calm down... calm down!
:'''''Kuki Shinobu teaches the three a painful lesson...'''''
:;''(Automatically proceed to [[Key Decision#Back to Business|Back to Business]])''
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Ways and Means
|zhs     = 处置之方
|zhs_rm  = Chǔzhì zhī Fāng
|zht     = 處置之方
|zht_rm  = Chǔzhì zhī Fāng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 処置の方法
|ja_rm   = Shochi no Houhou
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 처리 방법
|ko_rm   = Cheori Bangbeop
|ko_tl   = Handling Way
|es      = Forma de castigo
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Voies et moyens
|fr_tl   = Ways and Means
|ru      = Средства и методы
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = บทลงโทษ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cách Thức Xử Lý
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zorn und Strafe
|de_tl   = Wrath and Punishment
|id      = Cara dan Upaya
|id_tl   = Ways and Efforts
|pt      = Forma de castigo
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}