{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74685
|image         = Event Quest We Meet Again Cannon.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Spino Doubleblaster
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Brest; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Belleau Region]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Belleau Region
|subarea       = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Spino Doubleblaster]] Event.
}}
'''''We Meet Again, Cannon...''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Spino Doubleblaster]] Event.

==Steps==
# Find where the sound of the cannon is coming from
# Talk to the engineer

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After hearing the sound of "cro-cro~~KOOM" by chance, you and Paimon discover an engineer who seems to be tinkering with a very unusual device...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the marked location)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? It sounds like something exploded... Is there a fight happening nearby?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm? It seems like it came from that direction. Come on!

;(Talk to Brest)
:'''???:''' Reducing the power to this level should be sufficient, the bubbleballs will be able to break the targets, an excellent balance of entertainment and safety...
:'''Paimon:''' Bubbleballs? Entertainment? Oh, so it's a toy water cannon! That's a relief...
:'''Paimon:''' Though... Doesn't this water cannon look familiar? Have we... seen it somewhere before?
:{{DIcon}} I don't really recall, so let's just say it's our first time seeing it.
::'''Paimon:''' Maybe it's because its shape is so unusual, it looks like a Spinocrocodile... The moment Paimon sees it, she just wants to give it a nickname like "Crococannon"...
::'''???:''' Crococannon? The name's not bad! "Croco" is almost like... the sound of cannonballs! Concise, easy to understand, and memorable... I think it's an excellent suggestion!
::'''???:''' Looks like you two are interested in this watercannon! How would you like to be my first guests?
:{{DIcon}} Hey, isn't this the Crococannon?
::'''Paimon:''' That's right! Paimon remembers now, we saw the Crococannon back in the [[Veluriyam Mirage]]! But the person operating it... doesn't look like Mr. Chatillon?
::'''???:''' Monsieur Chatillon!? You know of the legendary watercannon designer Chatillon!? ...That means you two must truly be experts in the field!
::'''???:''' Looks like you and this watercannon have quite the connection! How would you like to be my first guests?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Paimon thinks she can guess what you're gonna say next&mdash;
:'''Paimon:''' You've just finished making adjustments to the watercannon, and were just planning to find some people to test it out and give you some feedback?
:'''???:''' Absolutely and completely correct! You guys are the real deal, you must have worked together with many in the past. I anticipate no difficulties in cooperating with you!
:'''Brest:''' Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Brest, and I am a former naval artillery engineer from the Fontaine Research Institute's armaments research team, currently unemployed.
:'''Brest:''' In order to make a living, I've been fiddling with this "Improved Crocomorph Vortex-Based Crocodilian-Armored Heavy Naval Battleship-Style Recreational Water Blasting Cannon" in the hopes of opening a water park...
:'''Paimon:''' Waitasec, a naval artillery engineer... unemployed... a water park? Paimon's brain is swimming in a sea of confusion...
:{{DIcon}} You must've been through quite a bit...
:{{DIcon}} That's quite the career shift...
:'''Brest:''' No choice, really, times have changed. Fontaine once had an impressive armada, and back then, naval cannons were a non-negotiable requirement. But after a massive battle, the fleet was utterly annihilated...
:'''Brest:''' Fontaine is now a nation of clockwork meka, and the Palais Mermonia has no plans to rebuild the fleet. Naval artillery is expensive, large, and heavy, and there's currently no real use for them... or for someone like me, who likes to tinker with them...
:'''Brest:''' In any case, military contracting is a dead end, so I've got to consider switching to another industry completely. After all, no matter how you slice it, you've gotta live! Being happy is the important thing.
:'''Brest:''' Opening a water park, earning some money from ticket sales, living an ordinary, peaceful life... not that bad, really...
:'''Paimon:''' Should... Should Paimon say you're really the glass-half-full type? Doesn't seem like you need to be consoled at all...
:'''Brest:''' Anyway, let's not talk about sad stuff like that now, let's talk about my Improved Crococannon! It's really super fun!
:'''Brest:''' Based on the blueprints left behind by Monsieur Chatillon, I've made a few targeted optimizations. The new model no longer requires loading, and can even switch between ammunition types!
:'''Brest:''' I've also added more target and stage designs to make the attraction even more challenging! I've been playing for three days, and I'm still not tired of it!
:'''Brest:''' After you start playing, you'll be able to forget about all your problems, and just lose yourself in the fun! If you're satisfied, then help me spread the word about it!
:{{DIcon}} Then we won't mention anything about work or unemployment.
:{{DIcon}} Then let's try out this new Crococannon.
:'''Paimon:''' Say no more, Paimon wants to play!
:'''Paimon:''' Ms. Brest is right, we did work together really well! Paimon hopes that... when other people run into rough patches, they can have that same great attitude she does!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = We Meet Again, Cannon...
|zhs      = 炮炮，又见炮炮。
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 炮炮，又見炮炮。
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 帰ってきたバンバンキャノン
|ja_rm    = Kaettekita Banban Kyanon
|ja_tl    = The Return of the Bang-Bang Cannon
|ko       = 대포, 또 대포
|ko_rm    = 
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Un nuevo drilocañón
|es_tl    = A New Crococannon
|fr       = Comme on se retrouve, petit canon...
|fr_tl    = We Meet Again, Little Cannon...
|ru       = И снова пушки...
|ru_tl    = And Cannons Again...
|th       = ปืนใหญ่ เจอปืนใหญ่อีกแล้ว
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Gặp Lại Khẩu Pháo
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wiedersehen mit der Kanone
|de_tl    = Reunion With the Cannon
|id       = Meriam Lagi, Bubu Lagi
|id_tl    = Cannon Again, {{w|id:Bubu|Bubu}} Again
|pt       = Nos Vemos de Novo, Canhão...
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Güm Güm Toplar, Yeniden...
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Chi si rivede, Cannone...
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.7}}

[[pt-br:Nos Vemos de Novo, Canhão...]]
[[ru:И снова пушки...]]