{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19072
|image         = Hangout Event Wealthy Merchant.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Kaveh
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Pendulum of Weal and Woe
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Dori; Kaveh; Qasimi; Rubab; Tippu; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Palace of Alcazarzaray]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Lokapala Jungle
|subarea       = The Palace of Alcazarzaray
|prev          = A Refuge in the Sands
|next          = The Price of a Wish
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Wealthy Merchant''''' is a quest in {{Quest|The Pendulum of Weal and Woe}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the Palace of Alcazarzaray and look for Dori
# Try to help Kaveh convince the merchants
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|After hearing about the client's budget problems, Kaveh decides to solicit some rich merchants for a potential sponsorship.}}
===Attempted Persuasion===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Use [[Nahida]]'s [[All Schemes to Know]] on Dori, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19072 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' (That's another deal in the bag. Hehe. Mora, my beautiful Mora...)

;(Approach Dori)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ohoho, now here are some unexpected guests. What brings you to the Palace of Alcazarzaray?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 02.ogg}} '''Dori:''' When I saw Kaveh, I almost thought it must be that time of month again. Sadly for me, I must wait a few more days before I can collect my shiny Mora...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hey, can't you think of something else for a change? You are literally living in an objet d'art, and yet your mind is still fixated on nothing but Mora?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What is the point of wealth, anyway? Is your happiness entirely dependent on your hoard of cold, emotionless Mora?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 03.ogg}} '''Dori:''' That's exactly right! Mora is extremely valuable, you see. If you don't keep your mind on it, your Mora may just find its way to somebody else's pockets!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 04.ogg}} '''Dori:''' If you ask me, this place is still way too empty. Just give me some time, and I'll fill it to the brim with lots and lots of Mora!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You're hopeless...
:{{DIcon}} Let's get back to why we're here.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 05.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Ooh? So you have an actual reason to visit me? Alright, let's hear it.
:{{DIcon}} We would like to ask for your help in introducing us to some merchants.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 06.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Merchants? Why? Is there some kind of business opportunity?
:{{Black Screen|You describe the library construction project to Dori...}}
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 07.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Oh, I see. So you're just looking for someone to help you foot the bill...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Ugh, I knew you wouldn't be interested in something like this. Still, you wouldn't refuse just making some introductions for us, would you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 08.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Sure, I can connect you with some folks. But with every service comes a fee, you know!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' A fee? You mean just for introductions!?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 09.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Of course! Making introductions means using my connections and putting my reputation on the line. Why wouldn't I charge a fee for something so important!
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 10.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Since we've known each other for so long, though, I'll give you a huge returning customer discount. Hmm... how about five hundred thousand Mora?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Five hundred thousand... *sigh* I guess that's okay. But why are you charging a fee before we've even secured any funding? That just doesn't seem right.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Besides, by helping us out, you'd be doing a great service to the public! Can't you take your mind off your Mora even for just one second, and focus on something far more important?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 11.ogg}} '''Dori:''' ...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 12.ogg}} '''Dori:''' *sigh* Very well. Since you're so passionate about this project, I'll help you out and waive the introduction fees.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 13.ogg}} '''Dori:''' Three of my business partners came by earlier today to discuss some things with me, and they still haven't left yet. I'll arrange a meeting for you. Just so we're clear, it'll be up to you to present your project and discuss any deals!
:{{DIcon}} Thank you.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Th&mdash;Thank you so much.
;(+1 Heart)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907201 dori 14.ogg}} '''Dori:''' You can wait here. I'll bring them over to you.
----
;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Tippu, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19072 tippu 01.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' (Hmph... I should have paid more attention during the negotiations just now. I could have made so much more...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Rubab, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19072 rubab 01.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' (They are Dori's associates, so...)

;(Use Nahida's All Schemes to Know on Qasimi, optional)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 19072 qasimi 01.ogg}} '''Qasimi:''' (What do these people want?)

;(Approach the group)
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 01.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' Dori gave us a brief introduction about the two of you. You are Kaveh, the renowned architect. And you are the Traveler, practically all of Teyvat has heard of you by now.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 02.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' To be frank, I don't feel like there's an obvious business opportunity here. But, since Dori took the time to introduce you, we can spend some time to have a conversation. So, let's hear your idea.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Alright, here's the situation. I've been commissioned to build a library in the desert, with the intended goal of allowing the desert-dwellers to have more access to reading materials.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 01.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' So it's a public welfare project?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Correct.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 qasimi 01.ogg}} '''Qasimi:''' Hmm, then the commission fees will likely be very low. You should be careful.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'm not too concerned about how much I'll get for the commission fees, actually. I'm fine with doing it for free. I just want to get this project rolling as soon as possible... we're just a little short on funding.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 03.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' So what? You can't possibly expect that we'd just cover the shortfall for you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 04.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' Besides, what does a library in the desert have to do with us? If you want to build it, build it yourself with your own Mora. Seems simple enough to me...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 02.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' Hey, there's no need to be so harsh. They are Dori's associates, after all. Here, can you tell us a bit more about what we can gain from sponsoring this project?
:{{DIcon}} You can get the naming rights to the library.
:{{DIcon}} You can get Kaveh's client to advertise your businesses in the desert.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 03.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' Hmm... So we'd mostly be doing it for reputation and exposure? There is some value to that &mdash; it could make doing business in the desert a bit easier.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 05.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' Well, just speaking for myself, I've got nothing in the desert.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 qasimi 02.ogg}} '''Qasimi:''' I also have a concern... It feels like there's not much to profit from in the short term, but in the long term, the reputation gain also doesn't sound like it'd offset the cost of the sponsorship.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Then how about this: what if instead of building a single library, we commit to an entire complex of buildings dedicated to culture and education?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 06.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' Wouldn't that just cost more?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 04.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' Yes, but in that case... Mr. Kaveh, please tell us what you have in mind.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'll just give an example. If we were to build a library and a school near Aaru Village, then the desert dwellers would gradually begin to migrate towards the area.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' A whole suite of buildings will be able to host more traffic, and thus drive the economic development of the entire area. In turn, that would lead to direct business opportunities.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 07.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've been to the desert several times. Although there are still many lingering tensions between the two regions, the amount of interaction has been steadily increasing, and in the long term, the desert will only become more and more important to Sumeru.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 05.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' Hmm, you do have a point.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 qasimi 03.ogg}} '''Qasimi:''' Education in the desert is indeed an industry that has not been tapped into. If we can be the first to place stakes in the area...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 07.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' Hmph, and you'd just believe anything he tells you?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Even the greenest amateurs know that urban planning will affect population flow. If you don't believe me, you can ask anyone on the street to confirm it to you.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 08.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' You...
:{{DIcon}} You don't seem to think about your questions very thoroughly before speaking.
::{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hey, why are you starting to sound like Alhaitham?
:{{DIcon}} Please only ask questions that are relevant to the discussion.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 06.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' Wait, something just occurred to me. If we're going to build a library in the desert, Aaru Village would obviously be the best place for it...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 07.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' But it seems we're not the only ones with our eyes on the village. I heard a rumor a while back saying a lot of land and buildings in Aaru Village have already been secretly purchased by a big name merchant.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 qasimi 04.ogg}} '''Qasimi:''' What?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What?
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 08.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' In other words... if we try to join the fray now, there won't be much left for us.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 09.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' If we want to build a suite of buildings focused on education and culture, Aaru Village is the prime location. If we want to build it anywhere else, we'll have to deal with a far larger list of problems. It's not impossible, I suppose, but...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 qasimi 05.ogg}} '''Qasimi:''' Then there's no hurry. We can wait for Aaru Village to develop more first, and get into the market for expansion to other areas.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Uh... But if you were to do that...
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 tippu 09.ogg}} '''Tippu:''' Is there nothing else to discuss? Great timing &mdash; I've pretty much heard all I want to hear. If there are no other urgent matters, I'll be on my way.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 qasimi 06.ogg}} '''Qasimi:''' I'll be off as well. If you have any new ideas, please feel free to reach out.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 rubab 10.ogg}} '''Rubab:''' It seems like the others are not interested in funding this, so no point in me doing this on my own. Let's revisit this another time.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hey, guys&mdash;wait!&nbsp;...Ugh.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Well, what can I say... I guess it went somewhat as expected. They are Dori's friends, after all. As soon as they heard that there's not much Mora in this for them, they lost all interest.
:{{DIcon}} That's just business, I guess.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Yeah, it's just another day doing business with people, but I can never get used to that... Those people never think of anyone other than themselves.
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Looks like we'll have to figure out some other way to get the funding... let's go.
----
:{{A|vo kvcop001 1907202 dori 01.ogg}} '''Dori:''' How did the meeting go? Want to talk about it?
;(Go to [[The Price of a Wish#A Merchant Most Famous|A Merchant Most Famous]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wealthy Merchant
|zhs     = 富商
|zhs_rm  = Fúshāng
|zht     = 富商
|zht_rm  = Fúshāng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 大商人
|ja_rm   = Ooakindo
|ja_tl   = Wealthy Merchant
|ko      = 거상
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Comerciantes
|es_tl   = Merchants
|fr      = Des marchands aisés
|fr_tl   = Wealthy Merchants
|ru      = Богатые спонсоры...
|ru_tl   = Wealthy Sponsors...
|th      = นักธุรกิจผู้ร่ำรวย
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thương Nhân Giàu Có
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Reiche Händler
|de_tl   = Rich Merchants
|id      = Saudagar Kaya
|id_tl   = Wealthy Merchant
|pt      = Comerciante Rico
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Varlıklı Tüccar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il ricco mercante
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[es:Comerciantes]]