{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Item Mystic Enhancement Ore.png
|type         = Experience
|type2        = Game Systems
|quality      = 
|source1      = [[Weapons]]
|source2      = [[Weapon Enhancement Material]]
}}
'''Weapon EXP''' can be gained by using [[Weapon Enhancement Material]]s or using other [[Weapons]] as fodder.

==Weapon Enhancement Material==
Enhancement Ores are given for excess EXP if it is of the value of the Ore.
{{Card|Enhancement Ore|400EXP|show_caption=1|stars=1|caption_width=85px}}
{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|2,000EXP|show_caption=1|stars=1|caption_width=85px}}
{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|10,000EXP|show_caption=1|stars=1|caption_width=85px}}

==Weapons as Fodder==
Feeding a weapon as fodder to enhance another weapon is worth 600/1,200/1,800/50,000/300,000 experience depending on the rarity of the fodder weapon (1/2/3/4/5 stars). If the fodder weapon was enhanced, 80% of its experience will be recovered at no extra Mora cost (e.g. using a 3-Star, Level 20 weapon is worth: 1,800 + 0.8 * 53,475 = 44,580 experience and costs 180 Mora).

Alternatively, a weapon of 1/2/3 stars that is not enhanced can be destroyed in inventory to convert to Enhancement Ores worth 400/800/1,200 experience respectively. Note the experience gained this way is less than feeding the weapon directly.

==Weapon EXP Chart==
While leveling weapons, 10 points of experience cost 1 [[Mora]], except when recycling an already leveled weapon.

The tables below list the experience required for a weapon to level up. A weapon's maximum level is increased every time it [[Weapon#Ascensions|Ascends]], and these levels are indicated in '''bold''' numbers.

{{#tag:tabber|
5-Star=
<h4 style="display: none;">5-Star</h4>
{{Transclude|Weapon EXP/5-Star Weapons}}
{{!}}-{{!}}
4-Star=
<h4 style="display: none;">4-Star</h4>
{{Transclude|Weapon EXP/4-Star Weapons}}
{{!}}-{{!}}
3-Star=
<h4 style="display: none;">3-Star</h4>
{{Transclude|Weapon EXP/3-Star Weapons}}
{{!}}-{{!}}
2-Star=
<h4 style="display: none;">2-Star</h4>
{{Transclude|Weapon EXP/2-Star Weapons}}
{{!}}-{{!}}
1-Star=
<h4 style="display: none;">1-Star</h4>
{{Transclude|Weapon EXP/1-Star Weapons}}
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{EXP Navbox|Item Sources}}

[[fr:Matériaux de renforcement d'arme]]
[[ja:武器経験値]]
[[pl:EXP broni (Weapon EXP)]]
[[pt-br:EXP de Arma]]
[[th:EXP อาวุธ]]
[[uk:Досвід зброї]]