{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Wish Types
}}
'''Weapon Event Wishes''' are [[Wishes]] with two promotional 5{{star}} [[weapons]] and five 4{{star}} featured weapons. Both the promotional 5{{star}} and featured 4{{star}} items will have an increased probability for players to wish them when compared to the basic rates when the guarantees are factored in. The [[#Epitomized Path|Epitomized Path]] can be used to chart a course to a chosen weapon.

==Rates==
{|class="wikitable" style="text-align:center;"
!Item !! Base Rate !! Average Rate including Pity
|-
|5{{star}} Weapon
|0.7% || 1.85%
|-
|4{{star}} Character or Weapon
|6% || 14.5%
|-
|3{{star}} Weapon
|93.3% || 83.65%
|}

==Rules==
*'''4{{star}} drop guarantee:''' If a player does not obtain any 4{{star}} or above item after 9 wishes, then the 10th wish is ''guaranteed'' to be a 4{{star}} or higher item. (On guarantee, the probability of getting a 4{{star}} item is 99.3%, and the probability of getting a 5{{star}} item is 0.7%.)
**This counter will reset if the player wishes any 4{{star}} or above item.
*'''Featured 4{{star}} weapon guarantee:''' Every time a player wins a 4{{star}} item, there is a 75% chance it will be one of the featured 4-star weapons.
**If the 4-star item won is not one of the featured weapons, the next 4-star item won is ''guaranteed'' to be one of the featured weapons.
**Thus it requires a ''maximum'' of 20 wishes to obtain ''one of'' the featured 4{{star}} weapons.
*'''5{{star}} drop guarantee:''' If a player does not win a 5{{star}} item 79 wishes in a row, the 80th wish is guaranteed to be a 5{{star}} item. (''On average'', a greater proportion of 5{{star}} items are dropped between 64 and 78 pity.)
**This counter will reset if the player wishes any 5{{star}} item.
*'''Promotional 5{{star}} weapon guarantee:''' Every time a player wins a 5{{star}} item, there is a 75% chance it will be a promotional 5{{star}} weapon.
**If the 5{{star}} item won is not one of the promotional weapons, the next 5{{star}} item is ''guaranteed'' to be a promotional weapon.
**Thus it requires a ''maximum'' of 160 wishes to guarantee obtaining ''one of'' the promotional 5{{star}} weapons.
*Promotional weapon wishes do not contain 5{{star}} characters in their item pool, as such each 5{{star}} drop will be a weapon.
*'''Counter and Guarantee carry-over:''' Each wish of the same ''type'' shares the above counters and guarantees, this means that your counters for the current Weapon Event Wish are carried over to the next Weapon Event Wish (but not the Character Event Wish or the Standard Wish).
**The weapon selection can be changed or canceled. This will reset your accumulated Fate Points.
**For example, if one wishes 79 3/4{{star}} items on Weapon Event Wish A, then the ''first'' wish on the following Weapon Event Wish B will be a guaranteed 5-star weapon.
**Likewise if one wished a non-promotional 5-star weapon on Weapon Event Wish A, then the next 5-star weapon on Weapon Event Wish B will be guaranteed to be a promotional weapon.

===Epitomized Path===
*Once the player has charted a course towards their chosen weapon, they will obtain 1 Fate Point upon receiving a 5-star weapon that is not the one that they chose. A maximum of 2 Fate Points can be obtained.
*Once enough Fate Points has been accumulated, the next 5-star weapon will be the one chosen through "Epitomized Path."
*The number of Fate Points will be reset upon obtaining an "Epitomized Path" weapon during the current "Epitome Invocation."
*If a weapon is not chosen, wishes will not accumulate Fate Points.
*The weapon selection can be changed or canceled. This will reset your accumulated Fate Points.
*When the current "Epitome Invocation" ends, the number of accumulated Fate Points will also be reset.
*Therefore, an upper limit of 240 wishes (38,400 Primogems) may be required on one Epitome Invocation wish to guarantee the desired 5-star weapon.

==List of Weapon Event Wishes==
{{See also|Wishes/History}}
{{Wish Series by Category Table}}

==Navigation==
{{Wish Navbox}}
[[Category:Wishes| ]]