{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild.png
|id            = 20030
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|requirement   = Complete [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]]
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Katheryne (Mondstadt); Paimon; Traveler
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*100;Primogem*20;Fine Enhancement Ore*3
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks [[Adventurer Handbook]]
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Katheryne for more details
#* Completing this quest gives the player access to the [[Adventurer Handbook]], which lists important information such as enemies, commissions, domains, etc. and their respective rewards.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Katheryne]] from the [[Adventurers' Guild]] has sent you an invitation.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Passing by the Adventurers' Guild)
:{{A|vo tips adventure paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, {{Traveler}}. There's a lady over there waving to you.
:{{A|vo tips adventure paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's go and see what she wants.
:;(Talking to Katheryne)
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 01.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Welcome to the {{Color|buzzword|Adventurers' Guild}}. Actually, I have had my eye on you for a long time.
:{{A|vo tips adventure paimon 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo tips adventure paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You've had your eye on {{Traveler}}, eh? Has {{MC|he|she|mc=1}} been causing some mischief?
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 02.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Oh, that is not what I meant at all. Being on the lookout for great adventurers is part of my job.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 03.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' When I look at you, I see one with the potential to rival the great adventurers of legends.
:{{A|vo tips adventure paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon sees it too.
:{{A|vo tips adventure paimon 05a.ogg}} {{A|vo tips adventure paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon always feels safe adventuring with {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 04.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Nevertheless, to the adventurer, experience is far more precious than potential.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 05.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' You must accumulate {{Color|buzzword|Adventure EXP}} to increase your {{Color|buzzword|Adventure Rank}}.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 06.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Time is of the essence. Allow me to brief you on&mdash;
:{{A|vo tips adventure paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait! Are you saying we're like, official adventurers now?
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 07.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Do not worry, the Adventurers' Guild does not charge a membership fee or impose any kind of duties on its members.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 08.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' In short, there are a lot of benefits but no drawbacks to becoming a member.
:{{DIcon}} Alright then...
:{{DIcon}} Gimme the benefits, now!
::{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 09b.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Haha... New recruits these days certainly do not beat around the bush.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 10.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Basically, the Adventurers' Guild rewards you every time your Adventure Rank increases.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 11.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Here is a new members' gift for you. You will need to return here to claim rewards in the future.
:{{DIcon|AdvGuild}} Adventure Rank Rewards
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 12.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Without further ado, please allow me to officially welcome you, our new avid adventurer, into the Guild!
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 13.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Here is your {{Color|buzzword|Adventurer Handbook}}.
:{{DIcon}} They have a handbook for that now!?
::{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 14a.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' A new member coming aboard is a momentous occasion! A little ceremony is only fair.
:{{DIcon}} This looks more like a marketing pamphlet...
::{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 14b.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' It is, in a way. But it has some practical uses too.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 15.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' It has a record of available commissions and rewards.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 16.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' And it is also proof of your membership.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 17.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Oh, and one more thing.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 18.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Sometimes, you will find yourself stuck at a certain Adventure Rank.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 19.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' When this happens, you need to perform some impressive feats to gain further recognition from the Guild.
:{{A|vo tips adventure paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Impressive feats? Sounds like hazing to me.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 20.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' They are simply specific adventures that allow you to ascend to the next Adventure Rank on completion. Ascension adventures, if you will.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 21.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' But that will come later. Opportunities to win recognition will come as you gain more adventure experience.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 22.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' That will do for today. We will have plenty of chances to meet again in the future.
:{{A|vo tips adventure katheryne 23.ogg}} '''Katheryne:''' Ad astra abyssosque, Adventurer! With effort, you shall reach the stars and conquer the abyss!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Welcome to the Adventurers' Guild
|zhs     = 欢迎来到冒险家协会
|zhs_rm  = Huānyíng Láidào Màoxiǎnjiā Xiéhuì
|zht     = 歡迎來到冒險家協會
|zht_rm  = Huānyíng Láidào Màoxiǎnjiā Xiéhuì
|ja      = 冒険者協会へようこそ
|ja_rm   = Boukensha Kyoukai he Youkoso
|ko      = 모험가 길드에 온 걸 환영해
|ko_rm   = Moheomga Gildeu-e On Geol Hwanyeonghae
|es      = {{MC|m=Bienvenido|f=Bienvenida}} al Gremio de Aventureros
|fr      = Bienvenue à la Guilde des aventuriers
|ru      = Добро пожаловать в Гильдию искателей приключений
|th      = ยินดีต้อนรับสู่กิลด์นักผจญภัย
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Chào mừng đến với Hiệp Hội Nhà Mạo Hiểm
|de      = Willkommen in der Abenteurergilde
|id      = Selamat datang di Adventurers' Guild
|pt      = {{MC|m=Bem-vindo|f=Bem-vinda}} à Guilda de Aventureiros.
|tr      = Maceracılar Loncasına Hoş Geldin
|it      = La Gilda degli avventurieri ti dà il benvenuto
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Bienvenido al Gremio de Aventureros]]
[[ja:冒険者協会へようこそ]]
[[pt-br:Bem-vindo à Guilda de Aventureiros]]