{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Hangout Barbara.png
|type           = Story
|group          = Hangout Event
|actNum         = I
|character      = Barbara
|ARReq          = 26
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|keyReq         = 2
}}
'''Wellspring of Healing ''' is the first act of [[Barbara]]'s [[Hangout Event]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player needs 2 [[Story Key]]s, must have completed [[Prologue]] Act III: [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 26.

During the act, Sister [[Victoria]] is concerned about Barbara and asked the [[Traveler]] to find her.

==Summary==
After hearing Sister [[Victoria]]'s concerns about Barbara's whereabouts, the Traveler goes to [[Wolvendom]] to find her. There the Traveler finds her picking red [[Wolfhook]]s for Tunner. Upon meeting, however, they hear someone approaching&mdash;[[Albert]], the leader of the Barbara Fan Club. With Barbara not wanting to deal with him for now, the Traveler either leads Barbara away to focus on picking Wolfhooks or shoos Albert away.

While Barbara goes to check on Tunner, the Traveler returns to the [[Favonius Cathedral]] where they are asked by Victoria to clean the place for Barbara. After the Traveler finishes cleaning the place, Barbara returns to the Cathedral and asks them what they'd like to drink, a choice of either her home-made Chilibrew or the new drink at the [[Cat's Tail]].

Choosing to drink "Fantastic Summer-Serendipity Coral Sparkling Tea" leads to Barbara leaving for the Cat's Tail first while Victoria talks to the Traveler momentarily about Barbara's popularity. When the Traveler arrives, they see Barbara being overwhelmed by a group of her fans. The Traveler either fails or succeeds in persuading the group to leave Barbara alone, but in both cases, they get to relax after and enjoy their drinks.

Choosing to drink Barbara's home-made Chilibrew results in the two either splitting up or staying together to collect ingredients for it. If the two split up, the Traveler picks [[Jueyun Chili]]s around [[Stone Gate]] while Barbara collects [[Sweet Flower]]s from [[Whispering Woods]]. Upon rendezvousing in Whispering Woods, Barbara tells the Traveler that she's been trailing a group of Treasure Hoarders that's been harassing a merchant. After rescuing [[Caishan]] the merchant, she offers to give the Traveler some Liyue Chilibrew or Sweet Flowers for Barbara's Chilibrew.

However, if the two stick together, they go to [[Whispering Woods]] to collect Sweet Flowers only to meet a wounded man, [[Uwe]]. The Traveler can choose to help Barbara heal him on the spot, which leaves Uwe feeling grateful for the two, or they can choose to bring him to the Knights of Favonius, in which Uwe tries to escape from the Traveler due to being a [[Treasure Hoarder]]. Healing Uwe on the spot will also lead to Barbara being able to make her home-made Chilibrew.

==Quests==
===Quests List===
* [[Sister Victoria's Vexation]]
** [[The Church's Affairs]]
*** [[The First Chilibrew Ingredient]]
**** [[Knight and Deaconess, Ready for Battle!]]
*** [[The Second Chilibrew Ingredient]]
**** [[Healing Is My Job]]
**** [[Ulterior Motive...?]]
*** [[A Very Special Beverage]]
** [[Sudden Shouting]]

===Quests Map===
{{Map:Wellspring of Healing}}

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|type=Hangout Event}}

==Rewards==
{{Hangout Event Rewards
|1 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Guide to Freedom|3}}
|2 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|3}}
|3 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Spicy Stew|5}}
|4 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Hero's Wit|5}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|3}}
|5 hangout memory = {{Card|Adventure EXP|100}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Primogem|20}}<!--
------------------->{{Card|Guide to Freedom|3}}
}}

==Endings==
{{Hangout Event Endings
|character    = Barbara
|act          = 1
|ending1      = Untimely Enthusiasm
|ending1_text = "I guess Barbara-sama isn't here after all..."
|ending2      = A Fiery Flavor From Liyue
|ending2_text = The taste of this Chilibrew is as unique as this particular journey.
|ending3      = The Taste of Hard Work
|ending3_text = This drink has the taste of hard work in it.
|ending4      = Incompletely Cured
|ending4_text = Perhaps this is a rite of passage on the path to becoming a Deaconess...
|ending5      = A Holiday in Mondstadt
|ending5_text = "We've only just met, it's too early to say goodbye."...
}}

===Achievements===
{{Achievement Topic Table|quest=Wellspring of Healing|requirements=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wellspring of Healing
|zhs     = 治愈的清泉
|zhs_rm  = Zhìyù de Qīngquán
|zht     = 治癒的清泉
|zht_rm  = Zhìyù de Qīngquán
|zh_tl   = Pure Spring of Healing
|ja      = 癒しの清泉
|ja_rm   = Iyashi no Seisen
|ja_tl   = Purifying Spring of Healing
|ko      = 치유의 샘물
|ko_rm   = Chiyu-ui Saemmul
|ko_tl   = Spring Water of Healing
|es      = La fuente de la curación
|es_tl   = The Fountain of Healing
|es_note = The Spanish word {{es|fuente}} can also be translated as "source."
|fr      = Source de bienveillance
|fr_tl   = Spring of Benevolence
|ru      = Лечебный родник
|ru_tl   = Healing Spring
|th      = สายน้ำแห่งการรักษา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Stream of Healing
|vi      = Suối Nguồn Trị Liệu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Heilende Quelle
|de_tl   = Healing Spring
|id      = Mata Air Penyembuh
|id_tl   = Wellspring of Healing
|pt      = Águas Termais Curadoras
|pt_tl   = Thermal Waters (of) Healing
|tr      = Şifa Kaynağı
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Fonte della guarigione
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[es:La fuente de la curación]]
[[ja:癒しの清泉]]
[[tr:Şifa Kaynağı]]
[[vi:Suối Nguồn Trị Liệu]]