{{Event
|name              = What Did Cyno Say?
|image             = What Did Cyno Say.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Submission
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-05-16 10:00:00
|time_start_offset = UTC+8
|time_end          = 2024-05-23 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = UTC+8
|link              = https://genshin.hoyoverse.com/en/news/detail/123733
|link2             = 
|link2name         = 
}}
{{Description|The Traveler and company have set up camp during their adventures. What did Cyno say during their chat?}}
'''What Did Cyno Say?''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.6]].

==Event Details==
===Duration===
* May 16, 2024 – May 23, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

===Results Announcement===
* May 31, 2024

===How to Participate===
* X (Twitter)/VK:
** Share the event page post with thoughts on what [[Cyno]] would say with the hashtag #WhatDidCynoSay and the participants Genshin Impact UID for a chance to win {{Item|Primogem|x=160}}!

* Facebook/Telegram/Cafe/Reddit:
** Share thoughts on what Cyno would say with the hashtag #WhatDidCynoSay and the participants Genshin Impact UID in the comments section of the event post to win {{Item|Primogem|x=160}}!

===Notes===
# The list of winners will be posted within two weeks after the event ends.
# Publishing content not related to the event (including but not limited to advertisement links and other means of publicity) is prohibited.
# Travelers are allowed multiple submissions for this event but only one prize can be won per Traveler. The prizes cannot be stacked.
# The event is held on multiple platforms, and winning submissions will be drawn from across all platforms. The above rewards are the total rewards for all platforms. There is no amount of prizes set aside for each platform and region.
# Plagiarism, misappropriation, and other actions that violate others' rights (including but not limited to their copyright, trademark rights, and personal rights) are strictly prohibited. If there is a quote or a need for authorization, please cite the original sources and make sure to obtain authorization.
# After the list of winners is announced, if Travelers have any objection to the prize-winning works, they can give feedback through the customer support email or in-game customer support. If a prize-winning work is suspected of violating the event rules, HoYoverse will revoke the prize and this user's account will be permanently banned from participating in any future community events.
# By participating in this event, participants agree to have their game UID published on the event platform. Game UIDs will only be used to issue Primogem rewards to winning players and will be protected in accordance with the legal and policy provisions of local privacy protection laws.
# If the issuance of rewards fails due to the player providing the wrong game UID, the official team will not re-issue the reward.
# Primogem rewards will be delivered within 20 business days after the results are announced.
# By participating in this event, participants authorize HoYoverse to publish and exhibit participants event works on public platforms. If participants have any questions, they can contact HoYoverse Customer Service.

==Total Rewards==
{{Event Rewards
|Primogem = 160
|sort  = Primogem
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = What Did Cyno Say?
|zhs     = 赛诺说了什么？
|zhs_rm  = Sàinuò Shuōle Shénme?
|zht     = 賽諾說了什麼？
|zht_rm  = Sàinuò Shuōle Shénme?
|ja      = セノならこう言う
|ja_rm   = Seno nara Kou Iu
|ko      = 사이노라면 이렇게 말할 거야
|es      = ¿Qué dijo Cyno?
|fr      = Qu'est-ce que Cyno a dit ?
|ru      = Что сказал Сайно?
|th      = Cyno พูดว่าอะไร?
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Cyno Nói Gì Nhỉ?
|de      = Was hat Cyno gesagt?
|id      = Apa yang Dibilang Cyno?
|pt      = O que Cyno disse?
|tr      = Cyno Ne Dedi?
|it      = Che cos'ha detto Cyno?
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.6}}