{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest What the Blue Flowers Left Behind.png
|title         = What the Blue Flowers Left Behind
|type          = Story
|chapter       = True Tales of the Violet Garden
|act           = What the Blue Flowers Left Behind
|actNum        = II
|summary       = 
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Akito; Albedo; Hirayama; Kujou Sara; Murata (NPC); Okazaki Rikuto; Onodera; Paimon; Traveler; Venti; Xingqiu; Xu; Youta
|startLocation = [[Ritou]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture (Quest)
|next          = A New Painting in Pale Scarlet (Quest)
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}
* Unlocks [[Hues of the Violet Garden/Theater Mechanicus|Theater Mechanicus]]
|event_name    = Hues of the Violet Garden
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''What the Blue Flowers Left Behind''' is the only part in the [[True Tales of the Violet Garden]]: Act II - [[What the Blue Flowers Left Behind]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Steps==
# Wait until the following day (08:00 – 10:00)
# Go to the Ritou docks
# Meet [[Albedo]] at The Five Kasen Plaza
# Go to [[Uyuu Restaurant]]
# Enter Uyuu Restaurant
# Ask around in the store (0/3)
# Go to the editorial house
# Go to the [[Outlander Affairs Agency]]

==Notes==
* The quest cannot be progressed in [[Co-Op Mode]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Head to the Ritou docks according to the arrival schedule. The guests should arrive at 10:00 the next day.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Wait until the next day)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|It is time for the ships to arrive. Head for the Ritou docks.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After waiting until the next day)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The passenger ship from Liyue that we're supposed to meet should be arriving soon. Let's go to the docks.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You know that Xingqiu will be on board, right? So we should be careful not to say anything about the stolen novels.

;(Approach the docks)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi there! You must be visiting from Liyue to participate in the Irodori Festival. We'll be your guides and will take you onto the island.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, is it Paimon or have we met somewhere before?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xu 01.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Haha. Yes, in fact, we have. I am Xu from [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]]. Aboard this ship, we have calligraphers, painters, and even players of [[Theater Mechanicus]].
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xu 02.ogg}} '''Xu:''' The inventor of Theater Mechanicus previously came to the Feiyun Commerce Guild seeking investment. Although the guild manager was not interested, Master still wanted to support them.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xu 03.ogg}} '''Xu:''' We heard that they'd be demonstrating the game and letting people try Theater Mechanicus at the Irodori Festival. So the guild manager instructed Master and I to take the opportunity to come to Inazuma and investigate the product's potential.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, speaking of which, where's the young master?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xu 04.ogg}} '''Xu:''' Ah, well... Master, he's uh...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, Xingqiu's just sitting there... sound asleep!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' ...Huh, wha&mdash;
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh... *yawn* It's (Traveler) and Paimon. I presume you are guests in Inazuma as well? It seems fate has destined our paths to cross once again.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We aren't actually guests, we're actually guides for the Irodori Festival.
:{{DIcon}} Xingqiu, how are you doing?
:{{DIcon}} You seem a little down.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Please, no need to worry. I was a little too caught up in a novel on the voyage here. When I finally realized what time it was, the first rays of dawn were already peeking over the horizon.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ah yes, now that we've arrived, the [[Kanjou Commission]] will likely wish to inspect our invitation letter. Let's keep it in hand, shall we?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Huh, that's odd...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' There was a piece of paper underneath my bag... Strange, I don't recall seeing it there before.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let Paimon have a look!
;(Opens [[The Five Kasen's Splendor: Aoi no Okina]])
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* There's no doubt about it! It's from the same series as the story we found before. Even the handwriting looks exactly the same!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' The story you found before?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah, in the warehouse down by the&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} Ahem!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh, by the... the Poem Hunt competition!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's it! A friend of ours is on Ritou to paint portraits of The Five Kasen... You know, as part of the Irodori Festival. Poetic stories about The Five Kasen have been hidden in various places nearby!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If you can find one of the stories and give it to this friend of ours, then there's a chance you'll become the model for the next portrait!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Wait a moment, so you mean that...
:{{DIcon}} Uh oh, he's on to us!
:{{DIcon}} Paimon, you're so terrible at making up stories!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' H&mdash;Hey, it's hard coming up with stuff on the spot like that!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' ...There is a chance of meeting [[Calx]] in person!?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Oh, uh, yeah... you could say that.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 10.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Really? That's wonderful! I knew that Calx would attend the Irodori Festival, but convincing my father to let me come to Inazuma was proving to be quite the high hurdle. I had to really rack my mind to come up with the excuse of evaluating the investment value of Theater Mechanicus.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 11.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Just a few days later, word then came that Calx would be busy painting portraits of The Five Kasen during the festival.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 12.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' It is a most rare opportunity for both Calx and I to be in Inazuma together, but it seemed he would be too busy with the portraits to meet with me... So, I've felt quite disappointed for some time now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Xingqiu. Even though Calx has work to do, he still has time to see friends. We can take you to see him right now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Also, we heard that Calx did illustrations for your [[A Legend of Sword]] novel.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 13.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ah, so you've already heard.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 14.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' To be honest, my works have drawn little interest in Liyue. However, the novels are selling quite well in Inazuma with the help of Calx's beautiful illustrations.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 15.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Calx is not only a skilled artist, but he also carries out his craft with great alacrity. I heard that it took him merely a few hours to finish the illustrations for the latest chapter.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 16.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' But when I looked at the art, the brushwork did not even look the slightest bit rushed. His work is truly exquisite...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 xingqiu 17.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh my, I was beginning to get carried away there. Let us depart, quickly now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew... Luckily, the idea of meeting Albedo managed to draw Xingqiu's attention and keep the situation under wraps. Let's just hope we don't let anything slip while meeting Albedo.
;(Obtain [[The Five Kasen's Splendor: Aoi no Okina]])
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You found another tale of The Five Kasen in Xingqiu's luggage. Discuss this matter with Albedo at The Five Kasen Plaza.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Albedo at the plaza)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Traveler, Paimon, how are you? And who is this accompanying you?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' You must be Calx, it's a great pleasure to finally meet you. I am the author of A Legend of Sword, Zhen...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ah, forgive me... It's rude of me to introduce myself by my pen name when meeting in person. Please, call me Xingqiu.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' And you may call me Albedo, then.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' No, no, that would be most improper...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Why not? Seeing as we are both friends of (Traveler), it'd be more convenient for us to use our real names.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Besides, we've already corresponded with each other many times before. In fact, I feel a bit self-conscious seeing you act so politely.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, it's not just you, Albedo. We haven't seen Xingqiu act this awkward before either.
:{{DIcon}} It's a real eye-opener, that's for sure.
:{{DIcon}} I learned some new tips on manners today.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ahem... you guys... It's certainly not good taste for you two to be teasing me like that.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh, by the way, we happened to find a story from the Poem Hunt competition at the docks. I heard that you are collecting them.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 05.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm? Poem Hunt?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Y&mdash;You know... The thing where we have to find pieces of paper with stories of The Five Kasen! Uh, Venti found one and then he was allowed to be a model for one of your portraits, hehe.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 06.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Huh?... Oh, yes. That's right.

:'''You show Albedo the piece of paper found by Xingqiu...'''

:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 07.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I understand the story now. Thank you, it's very helpful.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Splendid. Though, I'm still piecing together the story myself. Would you kindly explain it to me in more detail?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 08.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If all of you are free, why don't we discuss this over a meal?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ah, well, about that...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Do you have other plans, Xingqiu?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' No no, not at all! Speaking of dining, [[Shimura's]] [[Unagi Chazuke]] is quite delicious, would you like to go there?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 09.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Shimura's? Unfortunately, today is a bit windy, how about Uyuu Restaurant instead?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 xingqiu 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' That's perfectly fine with me. But, I must first unpack my luggage. Let's meet later at Uyuu Restaurant.
;(Xingqiu and Xu leave)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 10.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm, something didn't quite add up just now...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, no way! Paimon thinks we acted well together. Did we say something we weren't supposed to?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 11.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No, Paimon, I'm not referring to us. (Traveler), what are your thoughts?
:{{DIcon}} Xingqiu was a little suspicious.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Xingqiu's suspicious? Hey, what are you two talking about?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 12.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Paimon, you read the poem, right? Although it may seem confusing to Xingqiu on its own, what if we read it together with the previous poem we found?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Read them together? Hmm, let's see...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Suikou lost Aoi no Okina's poem in a drunken stupor, so Aoi no Okina recovered the poem and gave it to some mysterious person...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Wait a minute... Could today's story be hinting that the one who stole the latest copies of A Legend of Sword... Is Xingqiu himself!?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No way, that can't be right! Xingqiu only arrived at Inazuma this morning.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 13.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' And that is precisely the point of suspicion. If Xingqiu had only just arrived in Inazuma, how could he recommend Shimura's Chazuke?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 14.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Moreover, he didn't raise any questions when I suggested another place because of the windy weather. This means he knows that Shimura's is an open-air restaurant.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... Are you saying that Xingqiu has already been in Inazuma for some time and that he's only pretending he just arrived?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 15.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Yes, that is indeed my conclusion.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But, how could Xingqiu be the book thief!? His mission is to fight for justice, isn't it? There's no way he'd do something against his own ideals!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 16.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Calm down, Paimon. Even though this is the first time I've met Xingqiu in person, we've communicated via letters for some time now. I do have some understanding of his character.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 17.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I think there must be some deeper motive at play here. The story also tells us that Aoi no Okina flees with the poem because of a threat.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh? Could Xingqiu be in danger?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 18.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' It's difficult to say at this point. But given that Uyuu Restaurant is indoors, it will be easy for us to detect anyone following or eavesdropping on us. I think it should be safe for us to talk there.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 19.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I'll be relying on your assistance to get to the bottom of this matter.
:{{DIcon}} Got it.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 3 albedo 20.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Good. Then let's head to Uyuu Restaurant.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to [[Shimura Kanbei]])
:'''Shimura Kanbei:''' A few days ago, a handsome young fellow came here to eat. From the way he dressed, he was probably from Liyue.
:'''Shimura Kanbei:''' But when I asked him if he was here to take part in the Irodori Festival, he shifted his gaze away, and he tried to divert the conversation.
:'''Shimura Kanbei:''' That's rather odd.
:'''Shimura Kanbei:''' Indeed. But he dressed so well., I don't think he could have been some sort of troublemaker...
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|You go with Albedo to confirm if Xingqiu is lying {{sic|r}} not.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Uyuu Restaurant)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 4 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I don't see anyone suspicious around, it seems clear for the moment. Let's go inside and wait for Xingqiu.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, this whole thing's starting to make Paimon a little nervous. What do we do? And what do we talk about when Xingqiu gets here...?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 4 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' First, we must ascertain whether Xingqiu was already in Inazuma or not. If we can find evidence of him deceiving us, then we can use it as leverage to persuade him to tell us the truth.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 4 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Since we're still waiting for him, why don't you go and chat with other guests in the restaurant and see if you can learn anything useful?
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Discuss Albedo's idea with the people in Uyuu Restaurant. Perhaps a solution may yet be found...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Enter Uyuu Restaurant)
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Talk to the people in Uyuu Restaurant. Perhaps a solution may yet be found. Apart from the guests and the restaurant owner, discuss the matter with Albedo as well.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Youta or Akito)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 6 youta 01.ogg}} '''Youta:''' The last phase of the Irodori Festival is when they release all the new publications. The one I'm really looking forward to is A Legend of Sword!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 6 akito 01.ogg}} '''Akito:''' That's right! A signed first edition is gonna become quite the collectible. I've gotta get my hands on a copy!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 6 youta 02.ogg}} '''Youta:''' I've seen Zhenyu's signature before. His handwriting is super neat, he must be really diligent about his style.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 6 akito 02.ogg}} '''Akito:''' He'll be there in person on the day of the release, so we'll get a good look at him then. I hear that he's actually pretty young.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait a minute, did you just hear that? Not only will Xingqiu be signing novels at the release... but his handwriting is "super neat"!?

;(Talk to Okazaki Rikuto)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 5 okazakirikuto 01.ogg}} '''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Hello there, what can I get for you?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi, do you have any special recommendations today?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 5 okazakirikuto 02.ogg}} '''Okazaki Rikuto:''' Why of course, I'd personally recommend our freshly caught seafood! It's been pouring these past few days, so the fishing boats haven't been able to sail at all. But the weather finally cleared up today, so we have some fresh catch.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So the weather at sea has been bad these past few days...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 5 okazakirikuto 03.ogg}} '''Okazaki Rikuto:''' It sure has, a few guests from Liyue were just telling me that their boat was heaving and rolling all the way here. They couldn't do anything but sleep the entire trip.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, this might be some useful information.

;(Talk to Albedo)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo, what should we talk about when Xingqiu gets here? Any ideas?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 7 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Hmm, I will try to break the ice by talking about our work on novels and illustrations.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 7 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' If he really is hiding something, then he might feel even more nervous than we do. If we start by talking about our work creating novels, perhaps he will lower his guard.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, come to think of it, Xingqiu mentioned that he'd like to thank you for finishing the illustrations on time. He said they looked amazing despite the time you had.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 7 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Is that so? Hmm, that is also a very valuable clue.

;(After talking to all 3 characters)

:'''Xingqiu arrives shortly after, and everyone enjoys a leisurely meal. Afterward...'''

:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' That was delicious. Inazuman cuisine largely consists of fresh seafood, which is certainly to my liking.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, that's good, we were worried you might not have an appetite because you didn't sleep well.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Now's our chance, (Traveler). Let's talk to Xingqiu and see if he says anything useful!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Maybe we could start by asking him about the journey.
:{{DIcon}} Talk about his thoughts regarding the journey.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 02a.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Well, I've never embarked on such a long journey before. Though I was quite excited when we set off, the long days at sea quickly became most monotonous.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, speaking of the journey, did anything noteworthy happen along the way?
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 02a 1.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Well, to be honest, I spent most of the trip with my nose in a novel, haha.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 04a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that didn't tell us much...
:;(Option removed, dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Talk about the book he read during the voyage.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, Xingqiu, what book were you reading on the way here?
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 02b.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh, I was reading a novel called, "[[Pretty Please, Kitsune Guuji?]]". It was sent to me by my editor.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 04b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Didn't you feel dizzy while reading on the ship?
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 02b 1.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Haha, it was nothing I couldn't handle. Don't forget, I'm proficient in the arts of the [[Guhua Clan]]. That being said, there were quite a few people aboard who felt seasick.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 04b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, there doesn't seem to be anything suspicious about what he's said so far...
:;(Option removed, dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} Talk about the scenery on the journey.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 02c.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' To be honest, there wasn't much to see, just water all around, morning to night. The sheer monotony of the trip caused everyone to grow a little impatient.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 02c 1.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' So, when the peak of [[Mt. Yougou]] finally appeared in the distance as we approached the islands of Inazuma, everyone crowded the deck to have a look.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 02c 2.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' However, the ship sailed along at a crawling pace, it took a whole day from the time we saw the mountain peak to the time we docked.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 04c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't catch anything suspicious so far...
:{{DIcon}} No, there was something really suspicious.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 04c 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, right... If it took an entire day to reach the docks, then it would have been pouring rain at the time they saw the top of the mountain!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' We learned a couple of things from his account, but we still require more evidence. Let's discuss creating novels with Xingqiu.
:{{DIcon}} Talk about Xingqiu's own novel.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 03a.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' While it is entertaining to read novels, writing one is an endeavor of its own.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 03a 1.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' You must give great thought to every detail, from the layout of the plot to the rhythm of the lines.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 03a 2.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' And even when you have come up with interesting content, there's still no guarantee that it will be to your liking.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 albedo 02a.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I couldn't agree more.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 albedo 02a 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Whether it's writing a book, creating art, or studying alchemy, seldom can you really feel joy after seriously delving into the work.
::{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xingqiu and Albedo are getting into some deep topics now, but nothing suspicious has come up...
::{{DIcon}} Talk about Albedo's illustrations.
:{{DIcon}} Talk about Albedo's illustrations.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 03b.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Speaking of illustrations, Albedo, I've long wished to express my sincerest gratitude for providing the illustrations in my novel.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 03b 1.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' My novel didn't sell well in Liyue, so I must admit that I had some reservations regarding its potential.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 03b 2.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Yet you've consistently managed to select the most important scene of the chapter for your illustrations. This made me feel as though what I was trying to express could be understood, after all.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 albedo 02b.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Thank you. However, I took some risks in the illustrations, so I'm feeling slightly uneasy myself.
:{{DIcon}} Risks?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 albedo 02b 1.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Light novel illustrations are typically centered around the characters, but this time, I adopted a different approach in the illustration for the last chapter.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 03b 3.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Well, that scene was intended to depict the change in the world, so I thought it very fitting to draw only scenery.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm, doesn't sound like anything suspicious has come up so far...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 albedo 02b 2.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No, there was a crack in his alibi. My illustrations were sent for printing the moment they arrived in Inazuma. So logically speaking, there's no way he could possibly know what the illustrations look like.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 albedo 03.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' Xingqiu, we have something very important to ask you now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh? Why the solemn looks all of a sudden...
:{{DIcon}} Xingqiu, what's with the facade?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Huh? I'm afraid I don't follow.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mr. Okazaki told us earlier that actually the weather at sea was very bad these last few days. So, when you said that everyone came running to the deck to see Mt. Yougou, that couldn't have happened.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 albedo 04.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' On top of that, the latest installment of A Legend of Sword will only be revealed at the Irodori Festival. Even we, the creators, haven't received a sample copy. If that's the case, how could you know what my illustrations look like?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Uh, well...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The jig's up, Xingqiu. You were already in Inazuma before today, weren't you?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you in some kind of danger but can't tell us the truth? Don't worry, (Traveler) and Albedo are no pushovers, we can help you!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' No, no! Please, you misunderstand me.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' *sigh* I suppose my lack of sleep is inevitably taking its toll on my mind. I didn't notice for a moment that you were testing me at all.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I did in fact come to Inazuma early to handle some things. Let me consider how to explain this. *sigh* Oh, this is most embarrassing...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh ho? Well, if this isn't a coincidence! I didn't expect to see everyone here.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? Tone-Deaf Bard, what are you doing here...?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha, I heard that the owner of this establishment has some fine aged wines. I didn't want to miss the opportunity to taste them.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph, Paimon knew you couldn't possibly be up to anything good.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Says who? In fact, I come as the bearer of good tidings.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' I just bumped into [[Kujou Sara]] a moment ago. She said that the Tenryou Commission has apprehended the criminal who stole all those copies of A Legend of Sword. You needn't worry about it any longer.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 10.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Huh! The criminal who stole... A Legend of Sword!?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Uh, did I say something I shouldn't have?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 11.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh no! The person they apprehended... was it by chance an editor named [[Onodera]]?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Apologies, Kujou Sara didn't mention a name, but I saw her taking someone toward [[Hanamizaka]].
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 8 xingqiu 12.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Everyone, it's too late to explain. We must make haste and rescue Onodera!
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Upon hearing the news that Kujou Sara has arrested the person who stole the books, Xingqiu pales greatly. Go with him and rescue the suspect.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach the editorial house)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Please wait, Onodera is innocent!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 kujousara 01.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Oh, so you must be the author of A Legend of Sword. I didn't expect to see others tagging along with you.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Anyway, you mustn't take him away, I can explain everything...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 01.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' No need to worry, Zhenyu! I've just explained everything to Madam Kujou, and Kuroda has testified for me.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 kujousara 02.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Yes, in fact, we were just getting ready to leave.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh, whew... what a relief.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Hmm, wait a minute! Does everyone else here already know?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 soilder 01.ogg}} '''Tenryou Commission Soldier:''' Heh...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 kujousara 03.ogg}} '''Kujou Sara:''' Ahem! Well, to be precise, we had dispatched two additional squads here... In order to prevent the suspect from escaping.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Uh...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Xingqiu looks pretty flustered. What exactly is going on here?
:{{DIcon}} I bet it has something to do with his signature.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ah, ahem... Though it's most embarrassing, it appears quite a few people are aware of the situation now. There's no use keeping it a secret...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' In the end, I'm the one responsible for this whole predicament.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 02.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' No, Zhenyu, it's only appropriate that I take responsibility for this. Everyone, please let me explain.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 03.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' For the Irodori Festival, I recommended the idea of selling newly released novels signed by the authors.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 04.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Not only was this the first major project that I was in charge of since joining the Yae Publishing House, but Lady Yae also gave me a lot of support.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 05.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' However, I did not discuss our plans with the authors in advance. As a result, it caused a great deal of trouble for Zhenyu.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Yes, to be frank, calligraphy is not my strong point, so signing events are really not my forte.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 06.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Even though such an event would be difficult for Zhenyu, after telling him how important the plans were to me, he immediately boarded a ship to Inazuma to come up with a solution.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 07.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' So these past few days, Zhenyu has been actively practicing his handwriting. However, it takes time to sign each book, and we realized the time we reserved for the signing was not nearly enough.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 08.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' So I came up with the idea of moving the new books from the warehouse to my place. That way, Zhenyu could use these few days to sign them all.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 09.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' I thought everything would work out without a hitch... I never expected that someone would immediately realize that the books were missing from the warehouse.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 10.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' To make things worse, I was on vacation and staying with Zhenyu in my house these past few days... I had no idea that the situation had turned into such a huge mess.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 11.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' *sigh* All of this happened because I wanted to prove myself through this event.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Onodera, I agreed to your proposal because I didn't want the readers to know of my unsightly handwriting.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 10.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Also, I knew that Onodera had been misled by one of my prior signatures.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 11.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' At a previous event, the Yae Publishing House had requested autographs of authors so they could be put on display.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 12.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I practiced tirelessly for an entire day to finally deliver a stylish and elegant signature for the event.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 xingqiu 13.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' But looking back on it now, I had dug myself into a hole by delivering that nice signature for the sake of my pride.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hey, c'mon you two, loosen up a little. The theft was nothing more than a simple misunderstanding. Besides, everyone has something they do not wish others to see.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah, that's right. All that matters is that Xingqiu and his books are okay.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Onodera, I think you should explain the truth regarding the stolen books to the rest of the people on Ritou.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 onodera 12.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' Yes, I understand. I'll apologize to everyone.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We should probably be heading back to Ritou as well. Let's tag along.
{{Dialogue end}}
{{Quest Description|update|Go with Onodera, Xingqiu and the others to the Outlander Affairs Agency to explain the truth.}}
{{Dialogue start}}

;(Approach the Outlander Affairs Agency)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 hirayama 01.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Onodera? What are you doing here? Aren't you supposed to be on leave these few days?

:'''Onodera explains the situation to the editors.'''

:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 onodera 01.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' I'm very sorry for all the trouble that I've caused!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 hirayama 02.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' *sigh* Yes, Onodera, but...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 hirayama 03.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Why didn't you tell everyone earlier? If you had told us, we could've thought of some ways to help you.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 murata 01.ogg}} '''Murata:''' That's right. We're a team, and we should be helping each other in tough situations like this.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 hirayama 04.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Let's leave the past behind us now. Our first priority is to help Zhenyu with his signatures. How is your progress so far?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 xingqiu 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' My progress is not what I had hoped for... Even after working through the night these past few days, I've only finished perhaps one-tenth of the signatures.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, no wonder Xingqiu looked so sleepy today.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 hirayama 05.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' I understand. Murata, go back to Yae Publishing House and get Aratani to book a room on the second floor of the Uyuu Restaurant. We'll be using it for Zhenyu's emergency calligraphy lessons!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 murata 02.ogg}} '''Murata:''' Yes, Mr. Hirayama! It just so happens that my brother is a calligrapher, should I ask him to lend his assistance as well?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 hirayama 06.ogg}} '''Hirayama:''' Yes, good idea. Ah, you've just reminded me... Two calligraphers from Liyue arrived today. We have worked with them before, so I'll go and ask them to help out, too.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 xingqiu 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' It seems I'm really in for it now...
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 onodera 02.ogg}} '''Onodera:''' No need to worry, Zhenyu. I'm sure you can do it! Didn't you finish the last chapter of your novel in just one week's time?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 xingqiu 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Yes, but writing novels and learning calligraphy are two entirely different skills!
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though Xingqiu still has to deal with his handwriting issue, Paimon somehow feels a little relieved now.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 albedo 01.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' I always used to prefer working alone in my workshop, but I have come to realize that solving problems with others also has its merits.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' We also owe a special ode of gratitude to the mysterious person who has been leaving important info for us along the way.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh? You mean whoever left behind those stories about The Five Kasen?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 xingqiu 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Pardon me, but what are you talking about?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh right, we haven't had a chance to explain things to Xingqiu yet.

:'''You explain all that has happened in the past few days...'''

:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 xingqiu 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I see, it appears that Onodera and I were spotted when we were moving the books.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 xingqiu 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Albedo, may I ask you one thing? Are you able to include me in a portrait as well?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 xingqiu 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Not only do I owe the successful resolution of today's incident to that story, but I also hope that I'll remember this lesson.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 10 albedo 02.ogg}} '''Albedo:''' No problem. Considering the similarities between the portrait and the events that have taken place, your proposal is very reasonable.

;(Cinematic starts)
::'''Xingqiu:''' That figure was none other than Aoi no Okina himself
::'''Xingqiu:''' This turn of events had begun with an unnamed individual
::'''Xingqiu:''' Under whose coercion Aoi no Okina was forced
::'''Xingqiu:''' To take drastic measures to retrieve a page of poetry
::'''Xingqiu:''' He knew nothing
::'''Xingqiu:''' Of this individual's true intentions
::'''Xingqiu:''' All he knew was that
::'''Xingqiu:''' The poem had to do with an old acquaintance, Akahito
:;(Cinematic ends)

:{{A|vo rcjeq003 11 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Albedo really is something. He finished the portrait of Aoi no Okina in no time at all.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 11 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wonder how Xingqiu's calligraphy training is going at Uyuu Restaurant. Hey, (Traveler), do you think whoever left those stories for us could be hiding somewhere nearby?
:{{DIcon}} It's a possibility.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 11 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, hellooo! Mr. story writer! Are you here? Uh, could you please help Xingqiu with something?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 11 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' He's a friend of ours, and the release of his new book is super important to him!
;(Unknown sound plays, followed by the meow of a cat)
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 11 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! What's that sound!?
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 11 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hehe, it was just a cat. Looks like we can't make them reveal themselves that easily.
:{{A|vo rcjeq003 11 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's getting late now. Let's go back and get some rest. We still have to go to the docks and wait for another ship tomorrow morning.
;(Camera pans to show the legs of an NPC standing near the cat, out of sight just around the corner)
;(Quest ends)

;(Examine Aoi no Okina's Likeness)
:'''Aoi no Okina's Likeness:''' (This is Aoi no Okina's likeness, as done by Albedo.)
:'''Aoi no Okina's Likeness:''' (Xingqiu was the model for this portrait, and it depicts Aoi no Okina stealing away the poems that he himself had written, complete with some special touches from Xingqiu's own Liyue-styled clothes.)
:'''Aoi no Okina's Likeness:''' (The source material does state that Aoi no Okina was a much older person, but... Oh well, Miko probably won't mind!)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Transclude|What the Blue Flowers Left Behind|Other Languages}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:O que As Flores Azuis Deixam para Trás (Missão)]]