{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19043
|image         = Hangout Event What Is This, a Day Trip?.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Bennett
|actNum        = I
|act           = Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)
|startLocation = [[Stormbearer Mountains]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Stormbearer Mountains
|characters    = Bennett; Jack; Paimon; Traveler
|prev          = Adventurous Acquaintance
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''What Is This, a Day Trip?''''' is a quest in the second branch of {{Quest|Fantastic Voyage (Hangout Event)}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the "dandelion meadow"
# Talk to Bennett
# Accompany Bennett on a walk
# Talk to Bennett
# Open all the treasure chests (0/5)
# Talk to Bennett
# Accompany Bennett on a walk

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You agree to travel with Bennett, but you're doing somethings unrelated to adventure this time &mdash; for example... having a stroll in the great outdoors?}}
===The Adventurer In the Dandelion Sea===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Bennett)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Is this definitely the right place?
:{{DIcon}} It's not quite what I expected...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Ah... what happened? It wasn't like this the last time I saw it!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The dandelions are all stripped bare of seeds...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Was there a wind storm? Or did some strange creature come by...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'm so sorry... bringing you all this way only for you to end up seeing nothing...
:{{DIcon}} You couldn't have predicted this, no need to apologize.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, that's true... but then again, the unpredictable is to be expected when my luck's involved...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe scout the place out in advance next time.
;(&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You're right, I just got careless. With my poor luck, I should have been extra careful... sorry about that.
:{{DIcon}} It's fine, we still got to go out for a nice walk.
;(+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Really? You're not just saying that because you don't want to hurt my feelings, are you? Heh, you're so nice.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, there's not much reason to stay here anymore.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904301 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' But, how about we take a walk around the area? Maybe we'll find something interesting.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Reap without sowing...?===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Bennett after following him to the monster camp)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904302 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hey! Do you see that? There's a monster camp up ahead!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904302 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I can see a whole load of treasure chests with no monsters guarding them!
:{{DIcon}} That's rare...
:{{DIcon}} It feels a bit off...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904302 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I was hoping I'd get a chance to flex my muscles a bit! Where did all the monsters go? This is weird.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904302 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' For me, this kind of good fortune is super rare. It must be because you're here, hehe.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904302 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Let's go check it out! Ooh... I wonder what goodies are hidden in those chests?

;(Open the third chest)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904305 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are these chests so empty? It looks like there's nothing good left in them.

;(Open the last chest)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904305 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Is that it? What a letdown.
:;(The chests can only drop 1 Mora, a [[Radish]], or a [[Cabbage]] each)

;(Talk to Bennett after opening all the chests)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Whew... we didn't miss any, right?
:{{DIcon}} How can this be!
:{{DIcon}} No wonder there were no monsters guarding them...
:{{DIcon}} I can't believe there was nothing good at all...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm? what's the problem?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' We got so much stuff today! We should be happy... How come you look so down?
:{{DIcon}} Does that mean you usually...
:{{DIcon}} Surely not...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hmm? Chests are always like this, aren't they?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' A few loose Mora, occasionally a cabbage, maybe a radish or something.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' A bit of Mora and some ingredients to fill our stomachs, that's good enough for me!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The kind of chests you mentioned that have weapons, artifacts, or some other treasure inside...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Aren't they super, super rare?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I've only seen them in places that are so dangerous you'd have to risk life and limb to get there...
:{{DIcon}} It's because you don't have good luck.
;(&minus;1 Heart)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' So that's how it is!? ...Ugh, and I actually thought this was the norm.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I can't believe even chests are after me... hmph.
:{{DIcon}} Uh... Yep, you're quite right.
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Right? So let's not ask for too much.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 13.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Let's keep walking. Who knows when the monsters might return.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904303 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Shall we?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ad Astra...===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Bennett after the walk)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 01.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' It's so nice here. The breeze is so comforting... Really lifts my mood.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 02.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I've been adventuring alone for a long time. It feels so nice to have company. Honestly, I miss it a lot, hehe.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 03.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Oh, uh, not that I'm super lonely or anything. I've got my dads to keep me company when I'm not out adventuring.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 04.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Actually... did I tell you about my dads already?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 05.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Back in the day, they were all great adventurers. They've got so many cool stories.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 06.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' They were the ones who rescued me from a perilous place when I was just a baby, and together they raised me.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 07.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Now they're all old and frail. Some of them can't even walk by themselves anymore. So it's my turn to take care of them.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 08.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' I'd love to take you to meet them sometime. You'd be blown away by some of their stories!
:{{DIcon}} Sounds like there's a lot I can learn. (+1 Heart)
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 09.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Absolutely! I picked up most of my adventure expertise from them. They're incredible!
:{{DIcon}} Isn't that tough on you?
::{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 10.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' No, not really! I mean, I have to be careful to make sure they don't get affected by my bad luck, but apart from that, it's kinda fun taking care of them!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 11.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' By the way, you did bring a wind glider with you today, right?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 12.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' The weather is so nice and the wind speed is perfect. Why don't we take the chance to go for a glide?
:;(As he says this, the weather changes to a thunderstorm)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 13.ogg}} '''...:''' ...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 14.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Aww...
:{{DIcon}} What happened to the weather...
:{{DIcon}} Your bad luck is getting ridiculous!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 15.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Eh-he... sorry, I didn't see this coming... not to this extent, at least.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 16.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Well, it seems we'd better give up on that idea. Let's go do something else...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 jack 01.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Bennett! So there you are!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 17.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Hi, Jack! Is something going on? Are you here to see me?
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 jack 02.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Some of the older adventurers in the guild are really hurting from their arthritis again... it could be because of the humidity today...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 18.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' You mean my dads? That's too bad. They'll need someone to take care of them.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 jack 03.ogg}} '''Jack:''' Well, you're the one who usually looks after them, right? They're all asking for you!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 19.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Okay, I'll be right over!
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 20.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' O&mdash;Oh, wait...
:{{DIcon}} It's okay, this is important.
:{{DIcon}} I'll see you the next time we get a chance.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 21.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Yeah, thanks for understanding. Though, I feel pretty bad leaving you here...
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 jack 04.ogg}} '''Jack:''' We'd better hurry back. They're all waiting for you.
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904304 bennett 22.ogg}} '''Bennett:''' Okay... okay, sure. Well... I have to go now. Let me treat you to something next time... bye...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Ending: Hasty Farewell===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Hasty Farewell
|character       = Bennett
|act             = 1
|description     = That is a misfortune of great enough magnitude to change even the weather.
}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After the Hangout ends)
:{{A|vo bntcop001 1904308 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How come the weather suddenly brightened up the second Bennett left?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = What Is This, a Day Trip?
|zhs     = 是郊游…还是冒险？
|zhs_rm  = Shì Jiāoyóu... Háishì Màoxiǎn?
|zht     = 是郊遊…還是冒險？
|zht_rm  = Shì Jiāoyóu... Háishì Màoxiǎn?
|zh_tl   = Is It a Field Trip... Or an Adventure?
|ja      = 郊外旅行…それとも冒険？
|ja_rm   = Kougai Ryokou... Sore to mo Bouken?
|ja_tl   = A Trip to the Suburbs... Or an Adventure?
|ko      = 소풍일까… 모험일까?
|ko_rm   = Sopungilkka... Moheomilkka?
|ko_tl   = Is it Picnic... Or an Adventure?
|es      = ¿Qué es esto? ¿Una excursión?
|es_tl   = What is this? An Excursion?
|fr      = Une promenade... ou une aventure ?
|fr_tl   = A Walk... Or An Adventure?
|ru      = Это прогулка или приключение?
|ru_tl   = Is This a Walk or an Adventure?
|th      = มันคือการเดินเที่ยว... หรือว่าผจญภัย?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Là du ngoạn...hay mạo hiểm?
|vi_tl   = Is a Trip... Or an Adventure?
|de      = Ein Ausflug?
|de_tl   = A Trip?
|id      = Apa Ini... Tamasya atau Petualangan?
|id_tl   = What Is This... Vacation or Adventure?
|pt      = O Que É Isto, Uma Viagem Curta?
|pt_tl   = What Is This, a Short Trip?
|tr      = Günübirlik Gezi mi Bu?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Ma è una gita, questa?
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[ja:郊外旅行…それとも冒険？]]