{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 24011
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission What is the Meaning of Work?.png
|startLocation = [[Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia]], [[Fontaine]]
|next          = [[What is the Meaning of Life?]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Court of Fontaine
|poi           = Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia
|requirement   = Complete the {{Quest|A Certain Stamp}}
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Iaune; Traveler
|npc           = Iaune
}}
'''''What is the Meaning of Work?''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Court of Fontaine: Palais Mermonia]].

==Steps==
===Gull Version===
# Talk to Iaune
# Chase away the Violetgold Angler Gull
# Chase away the Violetgold Angler Gull again
# Report back to Iaune

===Dog version===
#Talk to Iaune
#Try to feed the Violetgold Angler Gull
#Talk to Iaune

==Gameplay Notes==
* The "dog version" of this commission will become available if the player selects the dialogue option "Have you tried getting a dog?" at the end of the "gull version."{{Verify}}
* The first time the player gets this commission, the only option available will be to chase away the gulls. After suggesting Iaune's gets a dog, a new version of the commission is unlocked with an option to feed the gulls instead.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{StubDialogue|Is dialogue different when choosing to chase away the gulls after Iaune gets a dog?}}
{{Quest Description|A depressed Iaune is eating fries...}}

===Scaring Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Iaune)
:'''Iaune:''' Oh, good gulls. I know that you are hungry, but I, too, have not eaten my fill.
:'''Iaune:''' Forget it. I suppose that it's all good if you're happy...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Iaune:''' Traveler? Why, what a pleasant surprise. If you're here to make a request of me, I'm afraid you'll have to wait. I'm not quite done with my fries yet.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I'm not here on business.
::'''Iaune:''' Oh, is that so? That's good. I need to hurry up and finish them as soon as possible...
:{{DIcon}} And why are you eating fries over here?
:'''Iaune:''' Well, this is my main meal. I'll be going out with [[Roialte]] on business later, so I need to rush this meal.
:'''Iaune:''' I'm not used to eating inside the [[Palais Mermonia]], so I tend to go outside and find a quiet spot to get my meal squared away real quick.
:'''Iaune:''' But today... I don't know what's making these gulls go wild, but they're coming at my fries all at once, and no matter how much they eat, it's not enough.
:{{DIcon}} Well, there's a lot of them, and only this many fries...
:{{DIcon}} Not all of them have gotten something to eat just yet...
:'''Iaune:''' That's true. But I can't feed every single seagull in the ocean, can I...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, these are your fries, aren't they? Don't let the gulls get at them just like that.
:'''Paimon:''' You'll go hungry at this rate, y'know?
:{{DIcon}} You seem a little down, actually.
:{{DIcon}} You seem a little off your game.
:'''Iaune:''' Really? I'm not... Well, actually, I suppose I am. Nothing escapes you, I see.
:'''Iaune:''' I just... don't know what the meaning of my work is. I busy myself every day at the [[Maison Gestion]], but I don't really see it bearing tangible fruit.
:'''Iaune:''' I haven't been able to help anyone, nor has anyone's life been made more convenient by my work. Roialte says that our work is very important, but...
:'''Iaune:''' I just sit in front of a typewriter and clatter away, endlessly. What purpose does that serve? I might as well just lose another keycap. At least that'll make [[Estelle]] a bit of Mora...
:'''Iaune:''' Sorry. I know I shouldn't be saying all this, but I just feel rather lost right now no matter what I do. Maybe... Maybe I need more time.
:{{DIcon}} Finish eating first.
:{{DIcon}} Let's solve your gull problem first.
:'''Iaune:''' You're right. But the amount of time we have now is insufficient to go get some new fries.
:'''Iaune:''' Forget it, I'll just give the rest of them to the birds. I'll just get something to eat once Roialte and I are done with our business.
:'''Iaune:''' It'll take us... What, half a day? Not too long, I'd reckon.
:'''Paimon:''' Will you be able to hold up after not eating for that long?
:{{DIcon}} Leave the gulls to me.
:{{DIcon}} I'll take care of those gulls.
:'''Iaune:''' Um... Wouldn't that be too much trouble? All that over some fries...
:'''Paimon:''' Just eat your meal. You shouldn't go hungry, no matter how busy you are.
:{{DIcon}} We will chase them all away.
:'''Iaune:''' Sure, but could you focus on... only chasing them away? They just want my fries, but there's no malice in them.
:'''Iaune:''' Well, it is a bad thing for me, but it's not a very serious matter, so... Please, just chase them away, would you?

;(Talk to Iaune again, optional)
:'''Iaune:''' The document that Roialte wants is... No, wait, I think I have this data wrong...

;(Approach the gull)
:'''Paimon:''' Go on, bad seagull, shoo! Stop bothering people while they're eating!

;(Chase off the gull)
:'''Paimon:''' Agh, they're coming right back! Quick, we've gotta chase them off again!

;(Approach the gull)
:'''Paimon:''' Go on, bad seagull, shoo! Stop bothering people while they're eating!

;(Chase off the gull)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be the last we see of them! Let's go back to see Iaune.

;(Talk to Iaune)
;(If the player killed the gull)
::'''Iaune:''' Y&mdash;You really don't do things by halves, do you? All the gulls in the area have been scared off...
::'''Iaune:''' Thank you. I'll finish up my fries while they're not around to disturb me.
;(If the player did not kill the gull)
::'''Iaune:''' Thank you. I'll finish up my fries while they're gone.
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* But what do I do next time? I can't always count on your help, can I?
:{{DIcon}} Um, try eating somewhere else?
::'''Iaune:''' I can't find anywhere better to eat now, anyway. If I'm too close to the Palais Mermonia, I might bump into one of my colleagues.
::'''Iaune:''' And then I'll get dragged into their discussions of work again...
::'''Iaune:''' But if I go too far away, I won't be able to get back to the office on time, and I might miss something important.
::'''Iaune:''' Considering these two factors, this place is my only option.
:{{DIcon}} Have you tried getting a dog?
::'''Iaune:''' You mean... I should get a dog to chase them off?
::'''Iaune:''' That's not a bad plan. I might be able to get someone to lend me one...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Feeding Version===
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Iaune)
:'''Iaune:''' Ah, Violetgold Angler Gulls. Once you're done with these fries, please leave...
:{{DIcon}} How's the situation right now?
:{{DIcon}} Did getting a dog work out for you?
:'''Iaune:''' No, not at all. When the gulls came for my fries, it turned tail and hid behind me, trembling.
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* Not that I blame the dog. Its breed have only ever had one duty &mdash; to love others and be loved by them. It has never learned to attack anything in its life.
:{{DIcon}} We have this duty too, you know.
:'''Iaune:''' Perhaps. But in some circumstances, love, too, may be considered a "right." And where those things are concerned, things tend to proceed in difficult directions...
:'''Iaune:''' Sorry, I've said too much. I've had to handle many disputes of an emotional bent today, and I fear I haven't quite sorted myself out yet.
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* But right now, my most pressing task is to figure out how to safely finish my fries...
:{{DIcon}} We will chase them all away.
::'''Iaune:''' Sure, but could you focus on... only chasing them away? They just want my fries, but there's no malice in them.
::'''Iaune:''' Well, it is a bad thing for me, but it's not a very serious matter, so... Please, just chase them away, would you?
::;(Continue as [[#Scaring Version|Scaring Version]])
:{{DIcon}} We'll find something else to feed them.
::'''Iaune:''' Hmm? That's not a bad idea. But can you really feed that many of them?
::'''Iaune:''' Well... Even if you can't, you just need to buy me enough time to eat my fries. Alright then, I leave this to you.

;(Talk to Iaune again, optional)
:'''Iaune:''' The document that Roialte wants is... No, wait, I think I have this data wrong...

;(Talk to Iaune after feeding the gulls)
:'''Iaune:''' There's... really no end to these gulls and their appetites, is there?
:'''Iaune:''' Thanks for distracting them. I've finished my fries &mdash; I'll get back to work shortly.
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* But what do I do next time? I can't always count on your help, can I?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = What is the Meaning of Work?
|zhs     = 工作的意义是…？
|zhs_rm  = Gōngzuò de Yìyì Shì...?
|zht     = 工作的意義是…？
|zht_rm  = Gōngzuò de Yìyì Shì...?
|zh_tl   = The Meaning of Work is...?
|ja      = 仕事の意味って…？
|ja_rm   = Shigoto no Imi tte?
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 일<->의 의미란…?
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El sentido del trabajo
|es_tl   = The Meaning of Work
|fr      = Le sens du travail ?
|fr_tl   = The Meaning of Work?
|ru      = В чём смысл работы?..
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ความหมายของงานคือ...?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ý Nghĩa Của Công Việc Là...?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Was ist der Sinn von Arbeit?
|de_tl   = What is the Meaning of Work?
|id      = Apa Artinya Kerja?
|id_tl   = What is the Meaning of Work?
|pt      = Qual é o Significado do Trabalho...?
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Çalışmanın Anlamı Nedir?
|tr_tl   = What is the Meaning of Work?
|it      = Qual è il senso del lavorare?
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Trivia==
*On the Gull version, you cannot use the [[Omni-Ubiquity Net]] to catch them.

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Fontaine}}