{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19019
|image         = Hangout Event What Shall We Do?.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Gorou
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Canine General's Special Operations
|startLocation = [[Bourou Village]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Watatsumi Island
|subarea       = Bourou Village
|requirement   = 
|prev          = Accidental Encounter
|next          = 
|characters    = Gorou; Traveler; Shuuhei; Miwa; Kuroda; Maki; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''What Shall We Do?''' is a quest in [[Gorou]]'s [[Hangout Event]], Act I: [[The Canine General's Special Operations]].

==Steps==
# Seek solutions on Watatsumi Island
#Go with Gorou to find Miwa
#Follow Gorou to find the directives
#Go to Yae Publishing House
#Go to the Grand Narukami Shrine
#Challenge Yae Miko again

==Gameplay Notes==
*Redoing ''Praying for Fortune'' section to choose all four fortune slips once will give the ''[[Memories of the Heart]]'' achievement ''[[Changing Times]]''.

==Dialogue==
===Asking Around===
{{Quest Description|You decide to help Gorou find a way to defeat Yae Miko so that he may exorcise his fears.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Seek solutions on Watatsumi Island)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Phew, I feel more at ease on Watatsumi Island.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I had an idea on the way here.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Many of my army comrades are older than me, and I'm sure that handling this kind of situation must be second nature to them by now. So I thought we could go ask them for advice.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But I can't just go to them and say "Hey, I'm no good at this". So instead, I'm going to go with a cover story: that "I'm asking for a friend."

:'''''You tell Shuuhei about how this all happened...'''''

:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 01.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' I see, so you're saying that you're... your friend, sorry, is having some trouble with a certain someone who has an intense personality?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yes. So I'm here on my friend's behalf to ask you for advice on a coping strategy.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 02.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' Hmm... Based on my experience, the easiest way to deal with people like that is just go through the motions.
:{{DIcon}} What's the logic behind that?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 03.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' Well you see, General Gorou&mdash; General Gorou's friend, I mean, always listens intently when other people are talking, and takes them very seriously.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 04.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' No matter who the other person is, General Gorou's friend treats them all equally &mdash; which, don't get me wrong, is something I admire very much.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 05.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' But the other side of the coin is that it makes General Gorou's friend very susceptible to falling for the other party's verbal traps and being led by the nose.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 06.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' If something like that is bothering you, your best bet is simply to not give the other party your full, undivided attention. Don't hang on their every word, and when they ask a difficult question, just gloss over it.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That makes a lot of sense, actually... so that's how it's done.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 07.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' Haha, well, it's something to try. Whether it'll actually work in this case is a different question.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 08.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' Going through the motions is a skill that everyone has to get the hang of as they get older. I'm guessing General Gorou's friend is on the younger side.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well, on my friend's behalf, thank you for your advice.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 09.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' Don't mention it. Oh yes, I heard that Miwa from Sangonomiya Shrine is also in the area. Why don't you ask her for advice, too?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 10.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' She's supposed to be good with interpersonal stuff. It can't hurt to get another perspective.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Makes sense... Alright (Traveler), let's see what Miwa has to say.

;(Talk to Shuuhei again)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 shuuhei 11.ogg}} '''Shuuhei:''' Glad I could be of help.
----
;(Run with Gorou)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Most people who wish to have an audience with Her Excellency usually start by presenting their name cards and official documents to Miwa, who then passes them along.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901901 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So I'm sure Miwa has lots of experience dealing with all kinds of people. Hopefully, she'll have some good ideas.

;(Ask Miwa)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 01.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' General Gorou, and the Captain of Swordfish II... What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We wanted to ask you about something.

:'''''You tell Miwa about the jam you're in...'''''

:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 02.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' I see, so General Gorou's... friend wants to overcome his weakness, right?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' That's right, do you have any advice?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 03.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' Hmmm... let me think...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 04.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' My advice would be to hide what you are really thinking.
:{{DIcon}} Hide your thoughts...
:{{DIcon}} Interesting...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 05.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' Cast your minds back. Why do you think Yae Miko was able to tease General Gorou's friend, and not the other way around?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 06.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' It's because she always has that same smile on her face, so no one ever knows what she's really thinking. She's already won the battle right from the start.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 07.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' If General Gorou's friend wants to go head-on with her, he must at least learn to do as she does &mdash; to conceal the workings of his mind.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You make so much sense. So what you're saying is, my friend just needs to keep his cool, and she won't have the chance to take advantage of him.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 08.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' Exactly.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 09.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' Many things look complicated on the surface, but often all it comes down to is who loses their cool first.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Wonderful! You have my gratitude.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm sure with your approach, that friend of mine will be able to overcome his weakness, haha.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 10.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' Then I wish General Gorou's friend a great victory.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well, I'm slowly starting to gain confidence!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh (Traveler), I've suddenly remembered &mdash; Her Excellency updated her General Operational Directives recently.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Who knows, there may be some useful suggestions in there, too. Let's go take a look, just to be thorough.

;(Talk to Miwa, optional)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 miwa 11.ogg}} '''Miwa:''' You can't be too careful when you're going up against Yae Miko.
----
;(Run with Gorou)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901902 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Her Excellency handed me the General Operational Directives in three parts, and I think this is where I placed them...

;(Talk to Gorou)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let's see...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Deployment and mobilization... logistics... conflict resolution... dealing with outlander merchants...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Aha! I've got it!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' How to avoid awkward social situations. That's Her Excellency for you... she thinks of everything, doesn't she?
:{{DIcon}} What does it say?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Socializing is as important as a decisive battle. Know yourself and your enemy to succeed.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Boy, if even Her Excellency treats this so seriously, then we'd really better be careful.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What I take from this is, it's not enough just to learn some general countermeasures. We need specific knowledge of Yae Miko's individual weaknesses to achieve ultimate victory.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' But how do we figure her out?
:{{DIcon}} I think we can visit Yae Publishing House.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Yae Publishing House... makes sense.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Since she goes there often, perhaps we can find some telling details about her there.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901903 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let's go and investigate.
----
;(Go to Yae Publishing House)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 01.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Greetings. Here to buy some books? We just got a new batch of light novels in &mdash; these ones are all the rage at the moment.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 02.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' I must say that Lady Guuji has a keen eye for a good book. Almost every one she picks is a bestseller...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 03.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Apparently, the rumor goes that if you can impress Lady Guuji with your writing, you're just one small step away from becoming the next big author.
:{{DIcon}} Are these books personally selected by Yae Miko?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 04.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Yes. Well, first, we screen all manuscripts, filter out the bad ones, and write synopses for the rest. Then, we send those to Lady Guuji for final approval.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So, you have close dealings with Guuji Yae? What sort of person is she?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 05.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Hmm, well for starters, she's a very busy person. Whenever she visits the Yae Publishing House, she never stays for long... so actually, we don't know a whole lot about her...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 06.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Still, she seems very invested in Yae Publishing House, and on occasion she'll share some of her promotional strategies with us.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 07.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Take "That's Life" magazine, for example. When we first started running it, sales were very poor &mdash; the return was barely covering costs, and for a while it was on the verge of being axed.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 08.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' But the fans weren't happy about the prospect of their favorite magazine being discontinued. They kept writing in, begging us to keep it going. So in the end, Lady Guuji stepped in and drew up a new marketing plan.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 09.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Next thing you know, sales are through the roof!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' "That's Life"? Wait, isn't that...
:{{DIcon}} What's up?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Nothing... it just reminded me of something unrelated.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I didn't realize Yae Miko personally handled the marketing for Yae Publishing House. Yet more proof of her unparalleled skill in reading people's minds...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Anyway, thank you very much. Is there anything more you can tell me about Guuji Yae?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 10.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Uh, no. That's all...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 11.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Look, I'm not sure what your plan is here, but I caution you against trying to second-guess Lady Guuji.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 12.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Just my opinion, but she's the most mysterious person I've ever met!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You think she's mysterious, too? ...I guess we can forget about getting any insights this way, then.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Actually, you said that this batch of light novels was handpicked by her, right?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Maybe we could take a brief look? Perhaps we can get some inspiration from them.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 13.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Sure. If you are interested, I recommend this book: "I've Been to Other Worlds But I've Never Tasted Defeat."
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 14.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' The protagonist doesn't have any particularly exciting abilities, but never fails to defeat strong opponents. It's all thanks to their wealth of experience and cunning strategies.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Cunning strategies... In that sense, it sounds similar to Her Excellency, Sangonomiya.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 kuroda 15.ogg}} '''Kuroda:''' Oh, there's an iconic line in this book that people quite like: "One who relinquishes nothing also gains nothing." If you want to win when you're at a disadvantage, a little sacrifice is probably going to be necessary.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Thank you for the valuable advice.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Well, one more string to our strategic bow. Although I didn't learn much about my enemy, I've still learned a lot from everyone.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901904 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It's time to put these theories to the test. Let's go to Yae Miko's lair... the Grand Narukami Shrine!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Praying for Fortune===
{{Quest Description|update|You've done all you can. Now it's off to the Grand Narukami Shrine to show off the results of your training!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to the Grand Narukami Shrine)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' So this is the Grand Narukami Shrine... it's the first time I've been to this place.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 maki 01.ogg}} '''Maki:''' Hello there. You look like you have something weighing on your mind. Would you like to draw a Fortune Slip?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 maki 02.ogg}} '''Maki:''' The Grand Narukami Shrine's Fortune Slips have always been very accurate.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I've heard that the generals of the past used to employ all sorts of divination techniques to find out their fortune before a battle.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'm not in the habit of it, but since the opportunity's come up, I'd like to give it a try.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' (Traveler), let's draw one together.
:{{DIcon}} Select the rightmost Fortune Slip.
:{{DIcon}} Select the center-right Fortune Slip.
:{{DIcon}} Select the center-left Fortune Slip.
:{{DIcon}} Select the leftmost Fortune Slip.
:; Click/Tap the cylinder to draw a fortune slip
:; Successfully drawn a fortune slip. Open it up, quick!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 18.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Let's see what we've drawn...
:<small>(There are four possible fortunes for each Fortune Slip: Great Fortune, Good Fortune, Misfortune, and Great Misfortune. Which Fortune Slip corresponds with which fortune is randomized for each player, but consistent for a single player's repeated playthroughs of the Hangout Event.)</small>
:<small>(If you picked the Fortune Slip with Great Fortune)</small>
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Great Fortune!
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Alright, so we have luck on our side.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' We can definitely show her who's boss today, let's go!
:<small>(If you picked the Fortune Slip with Good Fortune)</small>
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Good Fortune.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Not bad, at least it's something good.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' It means that our training must have been effective. Things will go differently this time!
:<small>(If you picked the Fortune Slip with Misfortune)</small>
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Oh no, it's Misfortune.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' This is a bad sign. The road ahead is going to be a dangerous one.
::{{DIcon}} Don't fret.
::{{DIcon}} We will not be deterred!
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' You're right. When I think about it, I'm a general of Watatsumi Island. I shouldn't let some Narukami Island fortune slip hold me back.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Onward!
:<small>(If you picked the Fortune Slip with Great Misfortune)</small>
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 19.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I&mdash;It's Great Misfortune...
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 20.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hold me, (Traveler), I don't feel so good...
::{{DIcon}} This must be a trap.
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 21.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' A trap?
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 22.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Are you saying that Yae Miko fears us and tried to sabotage our plans by making sure we drew Great Misfortune?
::{{A|vo wlcop001 1901905 gorou 23.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Grr, who knew she'd stoop so low! Well, I will not be intimidated!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Shrine Showdown===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Challenge Yae Miko again)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 01.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Any second now, we'll be face to face with her...
:{{DIcon}} We're in this together.
:{{DIcon}} Let's show her who's boss!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 02.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Don't worry, all our hard work is definitely going to pay off.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 03.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' She can forget about teasing me this time!

:'''''You look for Yae Miko together with Gorou.'''''

:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? You arrived a little later than expected. Did you run into some trouble along the way?
:{{DIcon}} You knew we were coming?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But of course. That's why I'm here waiting for you.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 04.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Hmph, so what if you knew we were coming? This time, we won't get caught off guard. We're here to...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe... Slow down, no need to rush. Let me guess.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In the past, I used to have many believers coming to see me at the shrine every day, and most of them came for the same reason.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Especially those who came in pairs. Nine times out of ten, they were here seeking to know their future fate, hoping that it would be a lifetime together.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If you're interested, I'd be quite happy to do a reading for you two.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 05.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Together... for a lifetime?
:{{DIcon}} Whoa there, calm down, Gorou!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 06.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' (Traveler), remember what Shuuhei said? We mustn't pay too much attention to what she says.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 07.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Otherwise, we may be fooled by her cunning words...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now that I think about it, perhaps I never needed to recommend that store to you in the first place.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 08b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You can just leave all your fur grooming to your little friend here. Imagine {{MC|him|her|mc=1}} holding your tail in one hand, combing it gently with the other...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 08.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Uh-oh, not good. My mind is already full of mental images...
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, me too...
:{{DIcon}} Can't unthink it now...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 09.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I'll have to resort to the method Miwa taught us...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' By the way, there's really no point in trying to hide the way you feel.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You might be able to remain stony-faced if you really try, but with your tail swishing behind you... Hehe, it tells everything.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 10.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' What!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Then again (Traveler), you know what?
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Most people only pay attention to your tail, but those soft, pointy ears are really just as fascinating.
:{{DIcon}} Please, no more.
:{{DIcon}} I can't take it anymore.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 11.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' There's only one method left... a cunning strategy that no one saw coming...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 12.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' This is going to hurt me almost as much as it hurts my opponent... but there's no other way.
:{{DIcon}} Gorou...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 13.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' I think the real reason you know me so well... is that you're just like me!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 14.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Just like me, you hug your tail when you go to sleep... and just like me, you daydream about someone else grooming your tail for you!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I see. You decided to admit to your feelings in an effort to bring me down with you...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Not bad. I suppose this is a step forward for you. But I'm afraid...
:;(Yae Miko shows her back)
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I don't have a tail at all.
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 15.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} Gorou...
:{{DIcon}} K.O...
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 16.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Retreat... Retreat!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 17.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' Fighting on is futile, better to conserve resources for the next confrontation... we're out of here, (Traveler)!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 gorou 18.ogg}} '''Gorou:''' When I get back, I'm going to train harder than I've ever trained before. I won't lose to her again!
:{{A|vo wlcop001 1901906 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Bye-bye now. Come again soon.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Tactical Retreat===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Tactical Retreat
|character       = Gorou
|act             = 1
|description     = "N—next time..."
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = What Shall We Do?
|zhs     = 如何对敌？
|zhs_rm  = Rúhé Duì Dí?
|zht     = 如何對敵？
|zht_rm  = Rúhé Duì Dí?
|zh_tl   = How to Confront the Enemy?
|ja      = 対敵の方法は？
|ja_rm   = Takiteki no Houhou wa?
|ja_tl   = Methods on Confronting the Enemy?
|ko      = 대적할 방법은?
|ko_rm   = Daejeokal Bangbeobeun?
|ko_tl   = How to Confront the Enemy?
|es      = ¿Qué hacemos?
|es_tl   = What Do We Do?
|fr      = Que faire ?
|fr_tl   = What to Do?
|ru      = Что нам делать?
|ru_tl   = What Should We Do?
|th      = รับมือยังไงดี?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = What Should We Cope with It?
|vi      = Chúng Ta Phải Làm Gì?
|vi_tl   = What Should We Do?
|de      = Was sollen wir tun?
|de_tl   = What Shall We Do?
|id      = Apa yang Harus Kita Lakukan?
|id_tl   = What Should We Do?
|pt      = O Que Devemos Fazer?
|pt_tl   = What Should We Do?
|tr      = Düşmanla Nasıl Başa Çıkılır?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Che si fa?
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.3}}