{{Act Infobox
|image          = <!-- What the Blue Flowers Left Behind.png -->
|type           = Story
|event_name     = Hues of the Violet Garden
|chapter        = True Tales of the Violet Garden
|actNum         = II
|prev           = The Strange Tale of Suikou's Tipsy Tincture
|next           = A New Painting in Pale Scarlet
}}
'''What the Blue Flowers Left Behind''' is the second act of [[True Tales of the Violet Garden]] during the [[Hues of the Violet Garden]] event.

==Quests==
* [[What the Blue Flowers Left Behind (Quest)|What the Blue Flowers Left Behind]]

==Summary==
The [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] wait at [[Ritou]]'s docks to greet the second group of guests arriving in Inazuma. As the passengers depart, Paimon notices [[Xu]] of the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]]. He explains to them that the people on the ship are all from Liyue, including calligraphers and [[Theater Mechanicus]] players. Paimon, remembering that Xu serves [[Xingqiu]], asks where he is, who points to him a short distance away napping when he comes to. Xingqiu is surprised to see the two in Inazuma and learns that they'll be his guide for the festival. He also finds a paper stuck on his bag and shows it to them, which Paimon realizes is one of the Five Kaisen excerpts, much to his confusion. Paimon bluffs they're part of a "Poem Hunt" competition and that the winner has a chance to be a model for the artist, which Xingqiu immediately deduces that [[Albedo]] must be the one painting and is excited to see him in person. He then realizes he would be busy with the art but the Traveler and Paimon insist he'll have time.

In Ritou's center, Xingqiu and Albedo are pleased to meet each other in-person. After Xingqiu suggests going to [[Shimura's]], Albedo suggests [[Uyuu Restaurant]] instead which he accepts. As Xingqiu leaves to get settled in, Albedo notes something off with him. He reminds Paimon about the second excerpt, which Paimon believes is that Xingqiu had stolen his own books, although she finds it hard to believe he would do so. Albedo also suspects that Xingqiu may have arrived at Inazuma earlier as he did not object to Uyuu, meaning that he knew Shimura's was open-air. He asks them to meet him there.

At the restaurant, Albedo confirms no one is eavesdropping on them and asks the Traveler to talk with the patrons inside to get some intelligence before Xingqiu arrived. The Traveler learns of Xingqiu's "neat" handwriting and the weather was rough the past few days. When Xingqiu finally arrives, he talks about the weather and books; having acquired enough information, the Traveler and Albedo confront him over it. Xingqiu admits that he was lying and tries to explain why he came to Inazuma earlier, only for [[Venti]] to arrive. Venti tells the group that [[Kujou Sara]] apprehended the criminal who stole the books, which causes Xingqiu to realize that the person they apprehended was [[Onodera]].

The group arrives to find Sara and the others, where Xingqiu tries to explain Onodera's innocence but everyone was already aware. The Traveler immediately suspects the incident must be related to Xingqiu's signature and Onodera explains that for the festival, he came up with the idea of selling newly released novels signed by the authors. However, he did not notify the authors in advance, and Xingqiu, being poorly versed in calligraphy, did not have enough time to improve his. As a result, he came to Inazuma earlier to practice, but even then, the two realized they did not have enough time.

With the situation cleared, the group returns to Ritou where Onodera explains the situation to the editors, who immediately begin to make arrangements for Xingqiu. Xingqiu asks Albedo to use him as a model for the next portrait so he could remind himself of the lesson he learned for the future. As the picture is made and everyone goes off, Paimon remarks about their mysterious benefactor and asks them to help Xingqiu when they hear sounds. The Traveler and Paimon only find a cat, but unbeknownst to either of them, someone was listening in.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = What the Blue Flowers Left Behind
|zhs     = 青花卷底残章
|zhs_rm  = Qīnghuā Juǎn Dǐ Cán Zhāng
|zht     = 青花卷底殘章
|zht_rm  = Qīnghuā Juǎn Dǐ Cán Zhāng
|zh_tl   = Fragmented Chapter Beneath the Blue Flower Scroll
|ja      = 青花の裏に残されし詞藻
|ja_rm   = Aobana no Ura ni Nokosareshi Shisou{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Fragmented Rhetoric Beneath the Blue Flower Scroll
|ko      = 파란 꽃이 남긴 것
|ko_rm   = Paran Kkot-i Namgin Geot
|ko_tl   = What the Blue Flowers Left Behind
|es      = El rastro de las flores azules
|es_tl   = The Trail of the Blue Flowers
|fr      = Ce que les fleurs bleues laissent
|fr_tl   = What the Blue Flowers Leave Behind
|ru      = Что осталось от синих цветов
|ru_tl   = What Remained From Blue Flowers
|th      = สิ่งที่บุปผาสีครามหลงเหลือไว้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Things That Indigo Blooms Have Left
|vi      = Mảnh Chương Hoa Lam
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Was die blauen Blumen hinterlassen haben
|de_tl   = What the Blue Flowers Left Behind
|id      = Sisa Bunga Biru
|id_tl   = The Remains of Blue Flower
|pt      = O que As Flores Azuis Deixam para Trás
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Mavi Çiçeklerden Geriye Kalanlar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Resti dei fiori blu
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

[[pt-br:O que As Flores Azuis Deixam para Trás]]
[[ru:Что осталось от синих цветов]]