{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41113
|type          = Story
|event_name    = Unreconciled Stars
|actNum        = III
|description   = Apart from the spate of unconsciousness caused by the meteorites, the appearance of the [[Fatui]] has also aroused your suspicions. Fortunately, the arrival of the astrologist [[Mona]] has given your efforts a much-needed boost. With the help of her mystical scrying techniques, you begin to delve into these mysteries...
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = The Crisis Deepens
|next          = Where Ancient Stars Align
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 60
|other         = {{Card|Fragile Resin|1}}
|characters    = Bro Huang; Fischl; Gao the Sixth; Huaqing; Jinglun; Mona; Oz; Paimon; Scaramouche; Traveler; Yang (Unreconciled Stars)
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{For|the main event|Unreconciled Stars|Unreconciled Stars/Star of Destiny{{!}}Star of Destiny (Event act)}}
'''What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals''' is the main quest for the third phase of the ''[[Unreconciled Stars]]'' event: Star of Destiny.

Completing this phase unlocks the quests ''[[Unlimited Opportunity]]'', ''[[A Mysterious Loss]]'' and ''[[Trouble With Letters]]''.

==Steps==
#Chat with [[Mona]] about the meteorites and scrying
#Go to [[Qingce Village]]
#Talk to the [[Millelith]]
#Dispose of the meteorites in the fields
#*Clear 2 meteorites
#Report to Jinglun
#Examine the nearby victims (0/3)
#*Talk to [[Huaqing]]
#*Talk to [[Yang (Unreconciled Stars)|Yang]]
#*Talk to [[Bro Huang]]
#Make 1 [[Qingce Stir Fry]]<br />(This step only appears if you don't already have Qingce Stir Fry in your inventory)
#Bring [[Gao the Sixth]] some Qingce Stir Fry
#Tell Mona about the meteorites
#Head to the spot where the giant meteorite made landfall

==Dialogue==
===The Next Step===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Mona)
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hi Mona! Thanks to you, we've managed to get rid of loads and loads of meteorites!
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ah, good timing! There's something i need you to do.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Remember how I was saying that the meteorites belonged to someone's constellation?
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Theoretically, it's not possible for stars that are goodness knows how many light-years away to suddenly turn into meteors and fall out of the sky. But, however paradoxical it may be, this is the reality.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' If we want to get to the bottom of this, the best way is to find out whose constellation it was.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Based on what you've told me, it seems that all victims of the meteorites fell into a deep sleep, and all of them dreamed of a snowy mountain.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Now, we may not know which mountain this was &mdash; but we can safely assume that it's not [[Dragonspine]]. Otherwise, someone would have recognized it, right?
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Did everyone definitely have the same dream? And where exactly were they in the dream? These are the questions we need answers to.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I need you to find out more detailed about the sleepers' dreams. The more information we have, the closer we can get to the truth.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems we should head somewhere with lots of people around.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That way, we should be able to find more victims to question.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I need to stay in an undisturbed environment. So, I will leave the investigating to you.
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Is there anywhere we haven't been to yet?
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' There is {{Color|buzzword|Qingce Village}}, in [[Liyue]]... Although, it does not usually match your suggestion of "somewhere with lots of people around."
:{{A|vo eqast003 1 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' That said, I suspect that the Millelith will have turned that area into a site where victims can receive medical attention, much as they did at [[Wangshu Inn]].

===The State of Qingce Village===
:(Talk to the Millelith soldier Jinglun)
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, we're from the [[Adventurers' Guild]]. Can you tell us if Qingce Village has been affected by the meteorite strike?
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 jinglun 01.ogg}} '''Jinglun:''' Adventurers! Perfect! I was beginning to despair at the lack of helpers.
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 jinglun 02.ogg}} '''Jinglun:''' These meteorites have been going on for days now. Don't even get me started on how much trouble it's caused.
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 jinglun 03.ogg}} '''Jinglun:''' If one lands in a {{Color|buzzword|field}}, no one dares to go and harvest the crops, and if one lands {{Color|buzzword|at the entrance}}, access is a complete nightmare.
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 jinglun 04.ogg}} '''Jinglun:''' Do you have any ideas on how to safely dispose of them? They're just making everything impossible!
:{{DIcon}} I take it Qingce Village has been affected, then.
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Guess we'd better help this guy out.

;(Talk to Jinglun again)
:'''Jinglun:''' I really hope you can help us deal with the meteorites.
----
;(Report back to Jinglun after clearing the meteorites)
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Done and dusted!
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 jinglun 05.ogg}} '''Jinglun:''' Wonderful! What a huge help!
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Have any of the victims woken since the start of the incident?
:{{A|vo eqast003 3 jinglun 06.ogg}} '''Jinglun:''' Oh, I wouldn't know... You're better off just taking a look for yourself.

;(Talk to Jinglun again)
:'''Jinglun:''' Meteorites, can you believe it... First time for everything, I guess!
----
;(Talk to Huaqing)
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Mortal! Art thou also descended into the realm of suffering?
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Same situation that we've seen in other places, too.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there. Has this guy woken up at any point?
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 huaqing 01.ogg}} '''Huaqing:''' No, he has said a few things in his sleep, though.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What kind of things?
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 huaqing 02.ogg}} '''Huaqing:''' "So cold," "Can't go on," ...Things like that.
:{{DIcon}} The previous victims have said they were cold, too.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Somewhere cold, up in the mountains... Where could it be?

;(Talk to Yang)
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, has this guy woken up at any point?
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 yang 01.ogg}} '''Yang:''' Not so far.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay... Um, has he said anything in his sleep?
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 yang 02.ogg}} '''Yang:''' Now that you mention it... Yesterday, he suddenly cried out "So high!" Who knows what he was dreaming about.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How high? High as a snowy mountain peak, maybe?
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' A wicked mountain, its frozen peak looming high, home to a malevolent power...
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's talk to that guy over there next.

;(Talk to Bro Huang)
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hello, have any of the victims woken up?
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 brotherhuang 01.ogg}} '''Bro Huang:''' Funny you ask! {{Color|buzzword|Gao the Sixth}} literally just woke up.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright! We're gonna go talk to him.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 brotherhuang 02.ogg}} '''Bro Huang:''' That's fine, but he's only just awoken and is still very weak. If you must question him, please be gentle.
:;(Cutscene to talking to Gao the Sixth)
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Greetings, you who have suffered and lived to tell the tale. Your sovereign shall question you now.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 gaothesix 01.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' Food... Need food...
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you okay? Sounds like you're starving.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 gaothesix 02.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' Ugh... Oof...
:{{DIcon}} What are your hungry for? Any dish you like.
:{{DIcon}} I'll cook a meal for you.
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 gaothesix 03.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' I need... home... home cooking...
:{{A|vo eqast003 6 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Home cooking from Qingce Village? Well that can only mean one thing: {{Color|buzzword|farmer food}}!

;(Should you improperly cook the Qingce Stir Fry in optional step "Make 1 Qingce Stir Fry")
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Darn it! We must've cooked it wrong...

;(Talk to Gao the Sixth)
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 gaothesix 01.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' Food... Need food...
:;(Opens food menu, can offer Qingce Stir Fry or Delicious Qingce Stir Fry)
;(After giving Qingce Stir Fry or Delicious Qingce Stir Fry)
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 gaothesix 02.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' Phwoar! That's brought me back from the brink, that has!
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you have a dream while you were sleeping?
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 gaothesix 03.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' Only the most exhausting dream of my whole life!
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really? Why, what happened?
:{{DIcon}} Were you on a mountain?
::{{A|vo eqast003 9 gaothesix 04a.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' Yes... how did you know? Way up in the mountains, the highest mountain I have ever seen... It was freezing up there.
:{{DIcon}} Were you outside in the snow?
::{{A|vo eqast003 9 gaothesix 04b.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' Well, sort of. Up a snowy mountain, to be precise. It was huge, and it was freezing cold... The moment I fell asleep, I was standing at the foot of the mountain.
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What were you doing there?
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 gaothesix 05.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' I'm not sure. It's like I was... possessed. I was consumed by the idea of climbing up the mountain and trying to reach the summit.
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Was there something special at the summit, or?
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 gaothesix 06.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' Who knows? Honestly, it's like I became a completely different person in my dream. Don't ask me why, I have no idea...
:{{DIcon}} So it wasn't "you" who wanted to climb the mountain?
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 gaothesix 07.ogg}} '''Gao the Sixth:''' It's hard to describe.... It's like I was being controlled, as if somebody else put the idea of climbing the mountain into my head. I know how crazy that sounds, but...
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' An intruder trespassed in the dark recesses of your soul!?
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' An idea not autonomously generated by the individual, but that appeared within the subconscious... Yes, the signs do indeed point towards mind control.
:{{DIcon}} I should be used to this by now, but...
:{{DIcon}} The things you two say are not even remotely similar...
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' All the other victims we've met have talked about being cold, and needing to rest... Were they all climbing the mountain, too?
:{{DIcon}} How can they all be having the same dream?
:{{A|vo eqast003 9 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon doesn't even wanna think about it... We need to update {{Color|buzzword|Mona}} on all of this!

;(Check victims)
:'''Check victim:''' The victim is still in deep sleep.

;(Talk to Huaqing again)
:'''Huaqing:''' Hey, who's that! ...Oh, you're the adventurers here to help out. Sorry. Your help is greatly appreciated.

;(Talk to Yang again)
:'''Yang:''' Something about watching these people sleeping is making me sleepy, too... Ahem! No, I would never sleep on the job!

;(Talk to Bro Huang again)
:'''Bro Huang:''' This has been a long shift... I'm getting hungry.

;(Talk to Gao the Sixth again)
:'''Gao the Sixth:''' Thanks to you, I didn't starve to death in my sleep!

===An Uninvited Guest===
;(Talk to Mona)
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mona! We found some stuff out!
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' An ice-capped mountain looms over the world from far above the clouds... That is the place from which this burgeoning darkness proceeds.
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Ice-capped mountain? Is that all?
:{{DIcon}} It is the same ice-capped mountain in everyone's dream.
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a really really high mountain that no one's ever seen before, and it's super cold up there. The sleepers are forced to try and climb to the summit, but they don't know why.
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Climb the mountain? To the summit?
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' What sort of person would wish to reach the summit of that mountain? And how is their desire strong enough to exert an influence on others?
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Perchance some poor soul lies there, buried in the snow, hounded to death on the mountain?
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Or... Some intrepid explorer was exceptionally keen to conquer that particular mountain.
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I'll do another reading!
:;(Mona's idle animation plays)
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Aha! I see something here... It's a little vague but I think I can get his name... Ah, yes! {{Color|buzzword|"[[Leonard]]"}}!
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow, that was fast!
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Well, in case you'd forgotten... I am a genius!
:{{A|vo eqast003 10 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Leonard..." Paimon's never heard that name before.
:;(Cutscene, the vagrant from [[Inazuma]] walks in on the scene)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Hi!
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Sounds interesting... Mind if I join you?
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' What ho! We meet again, vagrant of Inazuma.
:;(Mona realizes something)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' My retinue and I were just&mdash;
:;(Mona creates a Hydro bubble and teleports the team away)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 03.ogg}} '''???:''' The first time, the Millelith were present
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 04.ogg}} '''???:''' I had to forego the chance to strike down Mondstadt's savior.
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 05.ogg}} '''???:''' This time was the perfect moment... I was mere seconds away...
:'''''[[Scaramouche]] - Balladeer - The Sixth of the [[Eleven Fatui Harbingers]]'''''
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 06.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' (But who was that mage? She could not have known who I am)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 07.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' (Perhaps her powers reveal to her things unseen?)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 08.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' Soldiers!
:;(Fatui soldiers are summoned, kneeling)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs agent walla 01.ogg}} {{A|vo eqast003 cs fatuusa walla 01.ogg}} {{A|vo eqast003 cs summoner walla 01.ogg}} '''Fatui Soldiers:''' Sir!
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 09.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' Find them. And when you do...
:;(A large meteorite passes by)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 10.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' Another one?
:;(A female Fatui soldier enters the scene)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs fatuusb 01.ogg}} '''Female Fatui Soldier:''' My Lord!
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs fatuusb 02.ogg}} '''Female Fatui Soldier:''' It's happening again!
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs fatuusb 03.ogg}} '''Female Fatui Soldier:''' This is the largest one we've seen so far...
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 11.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' They just keep coming
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 12.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' But so be it
:;(Scaramouche addresses the soldiers)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 13.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' Move out! Change of plan, your prior objective remains in force
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 14.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' Continue to research the meteorites
:;(A male Fatui soldier stands up)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs fatuusa 01.ogg}} '''Male Fatui Soldier:''' My Lord!
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs fatuusa 02.ogg}} '''Male Fatui Soldier:''' Leave them to us! We will make short work of them!
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 15.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' Are you deaf, or just stupid?
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 16.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' When did I give you the right... to issue your own orders?
:;(Scaramouche gets visibly angry, the Fatui soldier stands down)
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs fatuusa 03.ogg}} '''Male Fatui Soldier:''' M&mdash;My apologies, my Lord!
:{{A|vo eqast003 cs scaramouche 17.ogg}} '''Scaramouche:''' Now, move out, and complete your objectives as assigned.
:;(The Fatui soldiers leave the scene, Scaramouche looks back at the meteorite)

===The Conclusion===
;(Scene goes back to Mona and co.)
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 01.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Any junior fortune-teller could have told you this, but... That man was a Fatui Harbinger! That was too close, how did you manage to get caught up with a guy like him?
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 oz 01.ogg}} '''Oz:''' A Fatui Harbinger? Why, their wickedness knows no bounds!
:{{DIcon}} A Harbinger? Goodness...
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 02.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Whatever he was planning to do... He was heading straight for you.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 03.ogg}} '''Mona:''' And he is an extremely powerful individual! I sensed it the moment I looked at him. He's far more powerful than you'd imagine.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 04.ogg}} '''Mona:''' As much as it pains me to admit it...
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 oz 02.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Surely his power cannot match that of the astrological genius of the century?
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 05.ogg}} '''Mona:''' I never said that...! His strength may exceed mine by a hair's breadth... But in astrology alone, he doesn't come close!
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This reminds Paimon of something... We ran into some Fatui at Wangshu Inn, too!
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What interest could the Fatui have in the meteorites?
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 06.ogg}} '''Mona:''' They must be plotting something.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 07.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Hmm.. Maybe, just maybe...
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh! The Fatui are the ones who caused the meteor shower in the first place! Was that it?
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 08.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Paimon, that was my line! Get your own!
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sorry... Paimon's mouth just works so much faster than everyone else's.
:{{DIcon}} Does the power to summon a meteorite strike really exist?
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yeah... Where'd they get the power to pull stars out of the sky!?
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 fischl 01.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Ozvaldo Hrafnavines, what is thy opinion?
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 oz 03.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I think that anything is possible, mein Fräulein.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 fischl 02.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' So long as they can afford to pay the price, they will never stop sowing their seeds of destruction across the land... Fatui, your sins shall not go unremembered.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 oz 04.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I also believe that miracles can happen.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 fischl 03.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Astral emissary, you have performed admirably as a member of my retinue. I will dispatch my forces to protect you, and they will ensure that the encroaching darkness shall bring you no harm.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 oz 05.ogg}} '''Oz:''' She means me.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' No need! Paimon thinks that our current lineup works just fine.. No need to fix it if it ain't broke!
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 09.ogg}} '''Mona:''' You underestimate me, Fischl! I'm far stronger than you seem to think.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 oz 06.ogg}} '''Oz:''' Mein Fräulein trusts no one more than yourself, my lady, she is simply concerned for your well-being.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 10.ogg}} '''Mona:''' There's really no need. In any case, you're in a much more perilous position than I am. If anything, you need my protection.
:{{DIcon}} Mona, you're a good person.
::{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 11a.ogg}} '''Mona:''' ...Huh? Wh&mdash;What're you saying that for?
:{{DIcon}} Fischl, you're a good person
::{{A|vo eqast003 12 fischl 04b.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' Naturally!
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 12.ogg}} '''Mona:''' For now, we must deal with the new threat. My astrolabe tells me that a new meteorite has landed, and it's the {{Color|buzzword|biggest one yet}}.

;(Upon entering the area)
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 13.ogg}} '''Mona:''' Looks like we made it here before the Fatui. There's no time to lose!
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 14.ogg}} '''Mona:''' This is the one.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 oz 07.ogg}} '''Oz:''' I sense an unprecedented amount of elemental energy within.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 fischl 05.ogg}} '''Fischl:''' The very heart of darkness descends upon the world.
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What do the Fatui want with this? Is it the elemental power?
:{{A|vo eqast003 12 mona 15.ogg}} '''Mona:''' It's possible... But if that were the case, other life forms would surely be drawn to the meteorites' energy too.
:{{DIcon}} Let's take a closer look.
:;(Quest completes)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = What the Skies Conceal, the Water Reveals
|zhs     = 天之谜，水之解
|zhs_rm  = Tiān zhī Mí, Shuǐ zhī Jiě
|zht     = 天之謎，水之解
|zht_rm  = Tiān zhī Mí, Shuǐ zhī Jiě
|zh_tl   = Riddle of the Sky, Solution of the Water
|ja      = 天の謎、水の解き
|ja_rm   = Ten no Nazo, Mizu no Toki
|ja_tl   = Riddle of the Sky, Solution of the Water
|ko      = 하늘의 비밀, 물의 해법
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Lo que las estrellas ocultan, el agua revelará
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Ce que les cieux cachent, l'eau révèle
|fr_tl   = What the Skies Hide, the Water Reveals
|ru      = Вода покажет, что небо скрывает
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ปริศนาแห่งฟากฟ้าและคำเฉลยแห่งผืนน้ำ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = The Mystery of the Sky and the Answer of the Water
|vi      = Mê muội của trời, thuốc giải của nước
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Was die Himmel verbergen, deckt das Wasser auf
|de_tl   = What The Sky Hides, The Water Reveales
|id      = Disembunyikan oleh Langit, Diungkap oleh Air
|id_tl   = Concealed by the Sky, Revealed by the Water
|pt      = O que o Céu Esconde, a Água Revela
|pt_tl   = What the Sky Hides, the Water Reveals
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}