{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 24019
|type          = Commission
|image         = Commission What is the Meaning of Life.png
|startLocation = [[Marcotte Station]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Marcotte Station
|prev          = [[What is the Meaning of Work?]]
|next          = 
|poi           = 
|requirement   = Feed the gulls in [[What is the Meaning of Work?]]{{verify}}
|otherRewards  = *AR-Dependent Rewards
|characters    = Iaune; Traveler
|npc           = Iaune
}}
'''''What is the Meaning of Life?''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] in [[Marcotte Station]].

==Steps==
# Talk to Iaune	
# Feed the Violetgold Angler Gulls	
# Report back to Iaune
<!--
==Gameplay Notes==
-->
==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Iaune)
:'''Iaune:''' Well, that's all the feed I got. Hope they're all full...
:{{DIcon}} What are you up to?
:'''Iaune:''' I'm feeding these gulls. See, they've almost had their fill.
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... When did you and them grow so close?
:{{DIcon}} They didn't steal your fries?
:'''Iaune:''' No. It seems that people specifically come here to feed the gulls, so they've no interest in my fries.
:'''Paimon:''' But didn't you say that if you got too far from your workplace, you might miss work?
:'''Iaune:''' Hahaha, it's alright. Today's my day off.
:'''Iaune:''' No colleagues here to drag me into work-related chat, and no one or animal to steal my fries... Yes, this is a most suitable place.
:'''Iaune:''' The gulls are a friendly lot. They won't steal my fries, nor will they come charging into me to cause a riot.
:'''Iaune:''' Ever since I fed them personally a few times, they seem to recognize me. They don't seem to resist even when I touch their feathers.
:'''Iaune:''' I'd go so far as to call them perfect gentlemen compared to the ilk at the Palais Mermonia.
:'''Iaune:''' If they could use their talons to write using typewriters, why, they'd nearly put us out of work.
:{{DIcon}} Violetgold Angler Gulls won't help with human business.
::'''Iaune:''' But at least they don't make things worse, either. And everyone knows that some things are simply too hard for them.
:{{DIcon}} Violetgold Angler Gulls don't speak our language.
::'''Iaune:''' I wouldn't be so sure. Perhaps they simply pretend so that they may live more comfortable lives.
:'''Iaune:''' But let's leave that aside first. Would you like to try making friends with these gentle-gulls?
:'''Paimon:''' Whew, they're already gentle-birdies in your eyes, huh...
:{{DIcon}} Would it be rude of me to just go up to them?
::'''Iaune:''' No, they are a tolerant sort. As long as you don't ruffle their feathers, you'll be fine.
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything I need to look out for when befriending them?
::'''Iaune:''' Not much, not really. Just don't attempt to ruffle their feathers directly.
:'''Iaune:''' Come, let me give you this fish I've specially processed. Just take it and put it in that bowl over there.
:'''Iaune:''' Just relax, Violetgold Angler Gulls are a tolerant lot. They like whoever feeds them, and they ask no questions about where you got your fish or how it was made.
:;(Obtain [[Specially Cooked Fish]])

;(Talk to Iaune again, optional)
:'''Iaune:''' I specially processed this fish. Take it and put it in that bowl over there.
:'''Iaune:''' Just relax, Violetgold Angler Gulls are a tolerant lot. They like whoever feeds them, and they ask no questions about where you got your fish or how it was made.

;(If player fed the gull)
:'''Iaune:''' What did I say, eh? Real gentlemen &mdash; far better mannered than those ruffians near the Palais Mermonia.
:{{DIcon}} They were very well-mannered.
:'''Iaune:''' I know, right? Makes me feel relaxed just sitting here.
:'''Iaune:''' I mean, just imagine being a gull yourself. With people coming over to feed you, all you need to do is sunbathe and think about the meaning of life...
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* Why am I a Gestionnaire and not a Violetgold Angler Gull?

;(If player killed the gull)
:'''Iaune:''' How... How could you do that? They're not the ruffians in front of the Palais Mermonia, you know!
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, it was an accident...
:'''Iaune:''' *sigh* I didn't even have time to stop you. Why did you do that... Did one of them attack you?
:'''Iaune:''' Regardless, they're gone now. Oh well. I'll have to come back in a few days and offer them some food as an apology...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = What is the Meaning of Life?
|zhs     = 生活的意义是…？
|zhs_rm  = Shēnghuó de Yìyì Shì...?
|zht     = 生活的意義是…？
|zht_rm  = Shēnghuó de Yìyì Shì...?
|zh_tl   = The Meaning of Life is...?
|ja      = 人生の意味って…？
|ja_rm   = Jinsei no Imi tte...?
|ja_tl   = What is the Meaning of Life?
|ko      = 삶의 의미란…?
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El sentido de la vida
|es_tl   = The Meaning of Life
|fr      = Le sens de la vie ?
|fr_tl   = The Meaning of Life?
|ru      = В чём смысл жизни?..
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ความหมายของชีวิตคือ... ?
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Ý Nghĩa Của Cuộc Sống Là...?
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Was ist der Sinn des Lebens?
|de_tl   = What is the Meaning of Life?
|id      = Apa Makna Kehidupan?
|id_tl   = What is the Meaning of Life?
|pt      = O Significado da Vida?
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Hayatın Anlamı Ne?
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Qual è il senso della vita?
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Fontaine}}

[[vi:Ý Nghĩa Của Cuộc Sống Là...?]]