<!--{{Event Tabs}}-->
{{Event
|name              = When the Xiao Lanterns Rise As One
|image             = When the Xiao Lanterns Rise As One.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-02-02 17:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-02-21 11:59:00
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/24826201
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20240202people-ekk0q1/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|When the Xiao Lanterns are lit and the moon is shining brightly, invite  friends to take part in the wishes and earn up to Primogems ×120, as well as  get the chance to win a PlayStation®5, OnePlus 12R, Amazon Gift Card, and  other prizes.}}
'''When the Xiao Lanterns Rise As One''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 4.4]].

==Event Details==
===Event Gameplay Duration===
February 2, 2024 17:00 – February 15, 2024 11:59 (UTC+8)

===Wish Raffle Duration===
Wish Raffle Duration: February 2, 2024 17:00 – February 21, 2024 11:59 (UTC+8)

===Requirements for Returning Travelers===
# Reach Adventure Rank 10 or above
# Inactive after January 17, 2024 00:00:00 (UTC+8)

===Summary===
# During the event, log in to the website with your HoYoverse Account or Genshin Impact UID that has been linked to an email address (supported third-party platform accounts: Google account, Apple ID, Twitter, Facebook account).
# During the event, you can use your Invitation Code or Invitation Card to invite returning Travelers. Returning Travelers can link your Invitation Code on the webpage. You'll be able to obtain corresponding Primogem rewards and Wish Coupons, while invited Travelers can obtain Wish Coupons as well.
# When invited Travelers complete the Wish Missions, both inviter and invitee will receive Wish Coupons.
# You'll be able to claim different tiers of Primogem and Wish Coupon rewards based on the number of returnees you have successfully invited.
# Each Wish Coupon can be exchanged for a chance to spin the Wheel of Wishes (which offers physical prizes).
# Returning Travelers will obtain Wish Coupon ×2 after linking the Invitation Code and logging into the game.
# Only the UID that was first linked to each Account can participate in this event.
# You can only use your HoYoverse account to invite your friends. If you invite your own HoYoverse accounts, or if you commit any other acts of falsification to game the invitation data, the rewards you have received will be canceled and reclaimed.

===Note===
# If you are a minor under the laws and regulations of your country or region, you will need prior consent from your legal guardian before participating in this event and providing your corresponding personal information.
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Winners who win physical prizes should stay tuned for the follow-up private message sent by the official team, and be sure to fill in your shipping address and contact information following the instructions stated in said message. Winners who have not provided their address before February 21, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8) will be deemed to have voluntarily forfeited their prizes.
# Genshin Impact will bear the delivery costs of the physical prizes. After the prizes have been shipped, if they are subject to customs duties and personal tax in accordance with local policies, the prize winners will be required to complete customs clearance procedures as well as cover corresponding taxes incurred.
# In the Wish Raffle, Primogem rewards (regardless of the amount of Primogems) can only be won once. Physical prizes cannot be obtained repeatedly.
# The OnePlus 12R mobile phone is a pre-order model and its estimated arrival time is April 15, 2024. The estimated time for the delivery of other physical prizes will be within 30 business days after the event has ended. The Genshin Impact officials will contact the winners and notify them of the relevant shipment information in a timely manner after dispatching the prizes. The actual arrival time is dependent on the actual logistics situation.
# Please note that the delivery address cannot be changed after confirmation. In order to provide third-party logistics services for the shipment of your prizes, we will be collecting and using personal information such as your address and contact information. The aforementioned personal information will only be used by us and the third-party shipment service provider. We will not disclose any personal information to other third parties without your prior consent.
# You can visit the game's official website for more information on our Privacy Policy. All personal data will be collected and used in strict accordance with our Privacy Policy.
# If you have any questions about this web event, please contact us via email at genshin_cs@hoyoverse.com.
# This event is hosted by HoYoverse. References to third-party organizations and physical prizes are for informational and identification purposes only, and are not intended to imply endorsement, sponsorship, or affiliation with HoYoverse or the event.
# You understand and agree that you can only link one Invitation Code, and once you've done so you will be unable to change it. After linking an Invitation Code, in order to update event progress in a timely manner, your UID, nickname, avatar, as well as the completion status of web missions will be collected and displayed on the inviter's page.

===Rewards===
====Rewards for inviting returnees====
* {{Item|Primogem|x=60}}
* {{Item|Primogem|x=30}}
* {{Item|Primogem|x=30}}

====Wish Raffle Rewards====
* {{Item|Mora|x=20,000}}
* {{Item|Fine Enhancement Ore|x=3}}
* {{Item|Hero's Wit|x=2}}
* {{Item|Primogem|x=20}} (2,000 Winners)
* {{Item|Primogem|x=40}} (1,000 Winners)
* {{Item|Primogem|x=60}} (500 Winners)
* OnePlus 12R &times;1 (10 Winners)
* PlayStation®5 &times;1 (5 Winners)
* 100 USD Amazon Gift Card &times;1 (1,000 Winners)

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = When the Xiao Lanterns Rise As One
|zhs     = 霄灯共祈之时
|zhs_rm  = Xiāodēng Gòngqí zhī Shí
|zht     = 霄燈共祈之時
|zht_rm  = Xiāodēng Gòngqí zhī Shí
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 霄灯を灯し、共に祈ろう
|ja_rm   = Shoutou wo Tomoshi, Tomo ni Inorou
|ja_tl   = Light the Xiao Lanterns, Make Wishes Together
|ko      = 소등에 함께 담은 소원
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = El vuelo de las linternas celestes
|es_tl   = The Sky Lanterns' Flight
|fr      = Envol des lanternes célestes
|fr_tl   = Soar of Celestial Lanterns
|ru      = Небесные фонари: Добрые пожелания
|ru_tl   = {{Lex|Xiao Lanterns|ru}}: Good Wishes
|th      = จุดโคม Xiao ร่วมอธิษฐาน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khoảnh Khắc Cầu Nguyện Đèn Tiêu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wenn sich die Laterne in den Himmel erhebt
|de_tl   = When the Lantern Ascends into the Sky
|id      = Harapan dalam Lentera Xiao
|id_tl   = Hope Inside Xiao Lanterns
|pt      = Oração das Lanternas Celestes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Xiao Fenerleri Birlikte Yükseldiğinde
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Pregando alle lanterne Xiao
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

[[ja:霄灯を灯し、共に祈ろう]]