{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73524
|image         = Event Quest When the Curtains Close.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = A Parade of Providence
|requirement   = 
* Complete [[Gatherings and Partings]]
|characters    = Alhaitham; Kaveh; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[The Akademiya]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''''When the Curtains Close''''' is a [[World Quest]] during the [[A Parade of Providence]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Kaveh
#* This step is only available if the event World Quest ''[[Sachin's Article]]'' was completed prior to obtaining ''When the Curtains Close''.<!-- it doesn't change if you do Sachin's Article after alhaitham and kaveh have already spawned -->
# Go back to the Akademiya and take a look around
#* This step is not available if the player tells Kaveh the results of their investigation in Step 1.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Kaveh mentioned that he would be going to the Akademiya for some alone time. Perhaps you should go talk to him.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(If the player completed ''[[Sachin's Article]]'' prior to obtaining this quest)
:;(Talk to Kaveh just outside of the Akademiya's front doors)
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 01.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Twenty years ago, the Akademiya had just received Sachin's estate. To celebrate the huge investment, the Akademiya Extravaganza that year was grander than usual.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 02.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I was very young then, and I remember seeing posters for the Interdarshan Championship all over the city. I couldn't help but mention it to my father. I even told him that I really liked the look of the diadem &mdash; it was so unique.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 03.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' So he said, "Why don't I win it, so I can let you play with it for a few days?"
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 04.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' That made me very happy, and I nodded enthusiastically. But to my surprise, he didn't win, and when he got back home, he seemed extremely depressed.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 05.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Later, he left home, saying that he wanted to do some investigating in the desert... The quicksand got him not long after that...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 06.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...For many years, I couldn't face up to it at all. If I'd just kept my mouth shut, maybe none of it would have ever happened.
::{{DIcon}} Your father may have seen Sachin that year.
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 paimon 01a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait... So the person we came across in our investigation, who went into the desert twenty years ago... it was...
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 07a 1.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 07a 2.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Haha... Is that why Sachin thought I looked familiar? I can't believe it...
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 07a 3.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...My father was always too kind for his own good. Sachin's research would have saddened him greatly &mdash; he must have gone into the desert when he heard about it to find those who were still suffering... It all makes sense now.
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 07a 4.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 07a 5.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I've tried telling myself so many times over the years that maybe his sudden depression wasn't because he didn't win the competition, maybe something else was going on that I wasn't aware of... But in the end, it all started with me mentioning the competition to him.
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 paimon 01a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aw, Kaveh...
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 07a 6.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Don't worry. I... I destroyed the diadem. There will never be another tragedy like this again. Never again...
::;(Quest ends)
::{{DIcon}} (Don't mention the results of the investigation.)
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 07b 1.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Sorry... My mind was still on the Championship. Look at me, rambling away.
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 paimon 01b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You look really upset... Are you sure you're okay?
:::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 07b 2.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I'm fine. What's past is past &mdash; we need to look towards the future.
:::{{Black Screen|''After parting ways with Kaveh, you stroll through the streets for a while...''}}
::;(Continue to next section)

;(If the player chose to not tell Kaveh about their investigation or did not complete ''[[Sachin's Article]]'' prior to obtaining this quest)
:;(Talk to Kaveh or Alhaitham at the same location)
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 08.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Where were you while the rest of us were eating together?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 01.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I don't recall being obligated to report my whereabouts to you.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 09.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Did you go find another hidey-hole to read in? You need to change your ways, you know. You can't survive on books alone.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 02.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Surviving on meals paid for by you would be harder still.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 10.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You...!
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 11.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hmph, whatever, it doesn't take a genius to guess what you've been up to... You were investigating Sachin, weren't you? It was obvious from your notes. However, I don't believe his research alone would've been enough to pique your interest.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 12.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' His way of doing things is disturbing, while you... Well, to be fair, your philosophy disgusts me too, but you and Sachin are nothing alike. I don't imagine your views intersect at all. Egoism and nihilism are not the same thing.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 03.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' My personal interest aside, Sachin's legacy is not entirely meaningless &mdash; he conducted experiments on a great scale, and left his findings behind.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 04.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Also, thanks for the compliment. But I'm actually just passing through &mdash; I didn't come here for the conversation. Well, not this one at least.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 13.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' What do you mean? What topic of conversation could be more sacred among scholars than the exploration of differing philosophies?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 05.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' Well, based on what I've learned, Sachin and his "disturbing way of doing things" &mdash; as you put it &mdash; is very likely to have met your father twenty years ago.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 14.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...What did you say?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 15.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Wait, so... No, surely that doesn't mean...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 16.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Hah. So that's why he thought I looked familiar. My father must've gone into the desert due to his influence...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 06.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' I'm afraid so.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 17.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 18.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Good thing I shattered that diadem. From now on... nothing like that will ever have to happen again.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 07.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' The boundaries of knowledge are ever-expanding. Someone else will inevitably pick up the same line of research one day, and Vahumana regards it as a reasonable research direction.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 19.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' Oh, not this again... Even if you're right, and people are bound to fall into the same intellectual traps, things won't necessarily go the same way again next time.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 20.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' You have to admit that the actions of one individual don't always predict the behavior of the group, and vice-versa. Take Sachin, for instance. He's quite an anomaly.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 08.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' And so is the one who stopped him &mdash; you. Conflicts of this nature are indeed exceptional, but it will occur again in the future.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 09.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' You said it yourself &mdash; the actions of one individual cannot predict the behavior of a whole group. You know that not everyone would have chosen as you did.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 21.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 22.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Even so, I stand by my views. You can forget about trying to convince me.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 10.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' That's fine. We've been arguing over this for years, and I don't hold any hope of you understanding. The issue we're debating has long since moved on from who's right and who's wrong.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 23.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' ...Thanks for letting me know all this.
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 11.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' What?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 kaveh 24.ogg}} '''Kaveh:''' I said, thanks for letting me know. Hey! Stop acting like you didn't hear me! You're doing this on purpose, aren't you!?
::{{A|vo dialog xyjeq006 alhaitham 12.ogg}} '''Alhaitham:''' They say that earnest thanks should be given thrice, so... One more time, please.
:;(Quest ends)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en        = When the Curtains Close
|zhs       = 落幕时分
|zhs_rm    = Luòmù Shífēn
|zht       = 落幕時分
|zht_rm    = Luòmù Shífēn
|zh_tl     = 
|ja        = 閉幕の時
|ja_rm     = Heimaku no Toki
|ja_tl     = 
|ko        = 막이 내릴 무렵
|ko_tl     = 
|es        = Cuando se cierra el telón
|es_tl     = When the Curtain Closes
|fr        = Quand le rideau tombe
|fr_tl     = When the Curtain Falls
|ru        = Под занавес
|ru_tl     = Behind the Curtains
|th        = เมื่อม่านปิดฉากลง
|th_rm     = 
|th_tl     = 
|vi        = Thời Khắc Hạ Màn
|vi_tl     = 
|de        = Wenn der Vorhang fällt
|de_tl     = When the Curtain Falls
|id        = Waktu Tirai Panggung Tertutup
|id_tl     = When the Stage Curtain is Closed
|pt        = Quando as Cortinas Descem
|pt_tl     = 
|tr        = Perde Kapandıktan Sonra
|tr_tl     = 
|it        = Quando cala il sipario
|it_tl     = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

[[pt-br:Quando as Cortinas Descem]]
[[ru:Под занавес]]
[[es:Cuando se cierra el telón]]