{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71822
|summary       = 
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|requirement   = Complete [[Wangshu Once Again]]
|type          = World
|startLocation = [[Mt. Tianheng]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Soraya; Traveler
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
}}
'''When Scholar and Legends Meet''' is the ninth request in Part II of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the eighth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Soraya]]
# Retrieve the [[Soil Sample]]
# Report back to Soraya
# Follow the mountain path
# Defeat the [[hilichurls]]
# Talk to Soraya

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The scholar [[Soraya]] seems to be investigating something in [[Mt. Tianheng]]...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Soraya)
:'''Soraya:''' Mt. Tianheng... [[Skybracer]]... Hmm...
:{{DIcon}} What are you thinking about?
:'''Soraya:''' Ah, I'm currently researching the history and legends of Lantern Rite.
:'''Soraya:''' I've heard that this year's Mingxiao Lantern is modeled after an adeptus named Skybracer.
:'''Soraya:''' From what legends I've been able to gather, this adeptus also fought alongside [[Rex Lapis]] for a time.
:'''Soraya:''' The exact times and the enemies they faced have different from text to ancient text...
:'''Soraya:''' But all the sources concur that Skybracer has already passed on, and it has been stated that this adeptus once held Mt. Tianheng up with their own antlers.
:'''Soraya:''' That's why I came to Mt. Tianheng to see for myself, thinking that if I got lucky, I might find something...
:'''Soraya:''' But as it turns out, Mt. Tianheng is crawling with monsters. After ascertaining the site for my investigations, I found it to be so full of monsters as to be impassable...
:'''Soraya:''' Traveler, if you're willing, could you help me investigate and take some soil samples?
:{{DIcon}} Soil... samples?
:'''Soraya:''' Well, that's what we'd say at the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya]], but what we really mean is some soil from the area in question.
:'''Soraya:''' Local legends hold that Skybracer held Mt. Tianheng up with their own antlers...
:'''Soraya:''' From an academic perspective, it stands to reason that the ground here might have an unusual composition.
:'''Soraya:''' So please, help me go there and retrieve a soil sample.

;(Talk to Soraya again)
:'''Soraya:''' Antlers... Mt. Tianheng... Hmm, if this is real...
----
;(Report back to Soraya)
:'''Soraya:''' Have you brought the sample back with you?
:{{DIcon}} I've brought it.
:'''Soraya:''' Thank you very much. Let me have a look.
:'''Soraya:''' ...Hmm, there seems to be nothing special about the soil here.
:{{DIcon}} What were you hoping to find?
:'''Soraya:''' The legends say that Skybracer used their strong antlers to protect Liyue Harbor by preventing Mt. Tianheng from collapsing.
:'''Soraya:''' I thought that I could at least find some fragments of those antlers...
:'''Soraya:''' As I thought, legends are just that, legends... Or has so much time passed since that battle that all traces of it have long since vanished?
:'''Soraya:''' Still, getting a soil sample is, in and of itself, not a bad result...
:'''Soraya:''' Traveler, could you accompany me for a while longer? I'd like to head upwards, it shouldn't be too far.
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:{{DIcon}} What are you looking for this time?
:'''Soraya:''' This time... I want to get to a vantage point from which I can overlook Mt. Tianheng and study its terrain.
:'''Soraya:''' The tales say that Rex Lapis and many adepti took part in that battle, and very nearly caused Mt. Tianheng to collapse.
:'''Soraya:''' If the battle truly was that fierce, then perhaps we might be able to deduce something from the terrain.
----
;(Upon approaching the hilichurls)
:'''Soraya:''' There... appears to be a great number of hilichurls over there.
:'''Soraya:''' Looks like we'll have to get past them if we wish to proceed.
:'''Soraya:''' I'll leave it to you, Traveler. There's no way I can take them on...

;(Talk to Soraya after defeating the hilichurls)
:'''Soraya:''' We're finally here... That journey would have been tough enough even without those monsters...
:'''Soraya:''' Hmm... There doesn't seem to be anything special about the terrain here...
:'''Soraya:''' Huh? What's this in the tree... Oh, it's a Xiao Lantern...
:'''Soraya:''' Why would there be a Xiao Lantern here? Did someone come here to pay their respects to the deceased adeptus?
:'''Soraya:''' There's something written here...
:'''Soraya:''' "May all the world be at peace."
:{{DIcon}} A magnificent wish.
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't sound like this person was here to pay respects...
:'''Soraya:''' Indeed. But this wish... How should I put it... It seems a little too magnificent. This seems neither like a wish, nor a way of paying respects.
:'''Soraya:''' It seems more like a wish that one of those adepti of legend might make.
:'''Soraya:''' I wonder, who would write such a wish onto a Xiao Lantern? How strange...
:'''Soraya:''' Regardless, it seems that at least someone remembered to put a Xiao Lantern up here. That adeptus should be quite pleased.
:'''Soraya:''' Thank you for accompanying me all this way. I'd like to stay here and do a bit more research...
:'''Soraya:''' Ah, yes. This is for you. Consider it thanks for your help.
:'''Soraya:''' *sigh* Liyue has so many legends, and yet my research has seen no progress made at all...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = When Scholar and Legends Meet
|zhs     = 学者与传说
|zhs_rm  = Xuézhě yǔ chuánshuō
|zht     = 學者與傳說
|zht_rm  = Xuézhě yǔ chuánshuō
|zh_tl   = Scholars and Legends
|ja      = 学者と伝説
|ja_rm   = Gakusha to densetsu
|ja_tl   = Scholars and Legends
|ko      = 학자와 전설
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = La erudita y la leyenda
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = L'érudite et la légende
|fr_tl   = The Scholar and the Legend
|ru      = Учёные и предания
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ความรู้กับตำนาน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Học giả và truyền thuyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wenn Gelehrte und Legenden aufeinandertreffen
|de_tl   = When Scholars and Legends Clash
|id      = Peneliti dan Legenda
|id_tl   = Scholar and Legend
|pt      = A Estudiosa e a Lenda
|pt_tl   = The Studious and the Legend
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}