{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = Event Quest When They Take Off Their Armor.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Of Drink A-Dreaming
|summary       = Kaeya and Rosaria stop by Angel's Share and request drinks served by the Traveler.
|requirement   = Complete [[Of Drink A-Dreaming (Quest)]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = 
|primogems     = 60
|mora          = 40,000
|other         = 
|characters    = Kaeya; Paimon; Rosaria; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''When They Take Off Their Armor''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Of Drink A-Dreaming]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Luka]] and enter the tavern
# Head to the counter and get ready to open for business
# Talk to [[Kaeya]] and [[Rosaria]]
# Mix Kaeya the specified drink
#* "Give me a single large Moonlit Alley."
# Mix Rosaria the specified drink
#* "I'll leave my drink up to you. Just make it a tea of some kind, and not too big."
# Give the drinks to Kaeya and Rosaria

==Notes==
* "Give me a single large Moonlit Alley."
** {{Ingredient|Coffee|1}}{{Ingredient|Milk|1}}{{Ingredient|Cocoa Paste|1}} in a Large Cup
* "I'll leave my drink up to you. Just make it a tea of some kind, and not too big."
** Any [[Of Drink A-Dreaming#Tea Recipes|Tea Recipe]] in a Small or Medium Cup

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|"Has anyone seen Captain Kaeya?" "Kaeya? you'll find him in the tavern. Hehe... You must be new here, no? Well, good luck!"}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Another familiar face has arrived at the tavern.'''

;(Talk to Kaeya or Rosaria)
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, well. This is a surprise. I didn't expect to see you two behind the counter today.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' In that case, I'd like a Death After Noon...
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Leave it to Kaeya to make things difficult right from the start...
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 kaeya 03a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqtj002 1 kaeya 03b.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Come now, I just wanted to see how (he/she)'d react. I admit I didn't expect to see you here today, Sister Rosaria.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' With so many demanding customers that frequent the tavern, I only thought I'd help the Traveler gain some experience.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' There he goes with that smooth talk again!
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Don't get me wrong, I was only trying to be helpful! If anything, you should be thanking me. Now, how about we start with something simple like a Moonlit Alley, for instance.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Oh, and make it a large, please.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' I'll leave my drink up to you. Just make it a tea of some kind, and not too big.
:{{DIcon}} Got it. Coming right up.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 1 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Please, take your time. Waiting in anticipation is half the fun.
----
;(If the first drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the first drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Done. Let's get started on the next drink.)

;(If the second drink was not made correctly)
:{{A|Vo eqtj002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, this doesn't look like the drink they ordered. Just give this one to Paimon and try making another.

;(After making the second drink correctly)
:'''Traveler:''' (Alright, this drink is looking good.)
----
;(After making the drinks)
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 01.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Hmm...
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What is it, Rosaria? You don't like the drink?
:{{DIcon}} I can make you another one...
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 02.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' No, the drink you made me is fine. It's just that I rarely ever drink tea. The taste always reminds me of certain... things.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah, I presume you're referring to the church?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 03.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Yes. The church once held an event that I couldn't attend, but Sister Barbara still saved some tea and dessert for me...
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 04.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' The dessert had already gone stale, so she whisked it away when I wasn't looking, but the tea tasted just like this drink you made me.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Boy, you're in rare form today, Rosaria.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Sounds to me like Mondstadt's just gained another black tea lover.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 05.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Heh, I'd prefer something a little stiffer.
:{{DIcon}} What about you, Kaeya? How's your drink?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That depends. If I point out a few flaws, will you make me another one?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahaha, I'm just kidding. I'd never subject you to such treatment.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Gosh, Kaeya sure is a tough nut to crack, you never know what he'll say next. How can you stand to drink with this guy, Rosaria?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 06.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Hmm? I don't really care what's going through his mind, as long as we only talk about drinks.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 07.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Besides, Kaeya's only interested in people or things that intrigue him, whether that's you, the innkeeper here, or anybody else...
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hey! How could you divulge so much about your dear old drinking buddy, hmm?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 08.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' You think I'm saying too much? Heh, get over yourself, it's no big deal.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 09.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Ugh, I'm constantly surrounded by uptight folks day-to-day. I prefer the easygoing atmosphere in the tavern.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ooh, are we gossiping about people who take themselves too seriously, now?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Speaking of which, I know someone who could easily place in the "Top Three Most Serious People in Mondstadt."
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' As to their level of seriousness... Well, let me put it this way, they probably wouldn't even flinch if I said that to their face.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are there really rankings for people like that?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Of course. Just off the top of my head, there's a running list for the most consistent drinkers, hardest workers, worst cooks, or even... biggest hoarders of dark secrets.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds to Paimon like Mondstadters have way too much time on their hands!
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 10.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Are there really that many people who don't need to work?
:{{DIcon}} No.
:{{DIcon}} I think I know who he's talking about...
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 06a.ogg}} {{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 06b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aww, but what about Paimon? Is there a category that Paimon can be ranked as high as (him/her)?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Why, of course. How about, "Best Bartenders"?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' R&mdash;Really!?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's great, (Traveler)! Our names will be remembered together forever!
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 11.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Heh...
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 12.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Well, I must admit, the atmosphere you bring isn't half bad.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 11a.ogg}} <!--{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 11b.ogg}}--> '''Kaeya:''' You can say that again. Just looking at these two brings a smile to my face.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Good bartenders create a nice atmosphere and get people in a good mood. You know, like a mascot... so I guess there's really no contest for the title of "Best Bartenders."
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Heh, nothing. Thanks for your hospitality.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 13.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' Yeah, I should be going, too.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 rosaria 14.ogg}} '''Rosaria:''' By the way, that black tea tasted great. I'll try to make some for myself in the future... if I can manage to get up early enough in the morning, that is.
:{{A|vo eqtj002 2 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Until next time.
:{{DIcon}} Please come again.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = When They Take Off Their Armor
|zhs     = 卸去铠甲之时
|zhs_rm  = Xiè Qù Kǎijiǎ zhī hí
|zht     = 卸去鎧甲之時
|zht_rm  = Xiè Qù Kǎijiǎ zhī Shí
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 鎧を脱ぐとき
|ja_rm   = Yoroi wo Nugu Toki
|ja_tl   = When Taking Off Armor
|ko      = 갑옷을 벗을 때
|ko_rm   = Gap'ot-eul Beoseul Ttae
|ko_tl   = When Taking Off Armor
|es      = Armaduras fuera
|es_tl   = Armor Out
|fr      = Quand les armures sont rangées
|fr_tl   = When the Armor Is Put Away
|ru      = Когда доспехи сняты
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = เมื่อถอดเกราะออก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = When Armor is Taken Off
|vi      = Giờ Nghỉ Ngơi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wenn sie ihre Rüstung ablegen
|de_tl   = When They Take Off Their Armor
|id      = Momen Mereka Menanggalkan Zirahnya
|id_tl   = The Moment They Take Off Their Armor
|pt      = Quando Eles Tiram Suas Armaduras
|pt_tl   = When They Take off Your Armors
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}
[[pt-br:Quando Eles Tiram Suas Armaduras]]