{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest When the Trail Goes Cold.png
|id            = 70143
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|requirement   = [[Adventure Rank]] 22
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Iris (Dragonspine Adventurer Camp); Katheryne (Mondstadt); Traveler
|rewards       = Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|}}
'''''When the Trail Goes Cold''''' is an introductory quest to the [[Dragonspine]] area of [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Katheryne]]
# Talk to [[Iris (Dragonspine Adventurer Camp)|Iris]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild appears to be recruiting adventurers for a new and ambitious adventure...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Hello, Traveler. I trust your adventures are going quite smoothly?
:{{DIcon}} Pretty smoothly.
:'''Katheryne:''' Good. In fact, I have been keeping up with your recent endeavors. I have no doubt that if you continue in this vein, you will become an outstanding adventurer one day.
:'''Katheryne:''' As for other Guild activities, I have some adventure intel I would like to share with you, if you are interested.
:{{DIcon}} Another commission for me? Let's hear it.
:'''Katheryne:''' Haha, your tone suggests you are now exceptionally familiar with the way the Guild handles its affairs.
:'''Katheryne:''' However, this time I do not have a commission for you. Rather, I simply have some adventure intel to share.
:'''Katheryne:''' It's about Dragonspine, that snowy mountain near Mondstadt.
:'''Katheryne:''' The Guild has set up a camp and stationed a number of adventurers there.
:'''Katheryne:''' I have marked the location on your Map. Once you arrive, please look for an adventurer by the name of Iris. She will brief you on the situation in that area.
:'''Katheryne:''' That's all from me. Happy adventuring, and ad astra abyssosque!

;(Talk to Iris)
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About adventuring in Dragonspine...
:'''Iris:''' If you really want to go into Dragonspine, you must make sure you are fully prepared &mdash; do not underestimate the dangers of the mountain.
:'''Iris:''' Dragonspine is not forgiving towards careless adventures.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = When the Trail Goes Cold
|zhs     = 低温调查
|zhs_rm  = Dīwēn Diàochá
|zht     = 低溫調查
|zht_rm  = Dīwēn Diàochá
|zh_tl   = Low Temperature Investigation
|ja      = 低温調査
|ja_rm   = Teion Chousa
|ja_tl   = Low Temperature Investigation
|ko      = 저온 조사
|ko_tl   = Low Temperature Investigation
|es      = Cuando el rastro se enfría
|es_tl   = When the Trail Goes Cold
|fr      = Quand la piste refroidit
|fr_tl   = When the Trail Gets Cold
|ru      = Мёрзлая разведка
|ru_tl   = Frozen Exploration
|th      = การสำรวจอันหนาวเหน็บ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Điều tra khí lạnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Eiskalte Spuren
|de_tl   = Icecold Traces
|id      = Penelitian di Suhu Rendah
|id_tl   = Research at the Low Temperature
|pt      = Quando o Rastro Esfria
|pt_tl   = When the Trail Gets Cold
|tr      = Soğuk İzler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Dove le tracce si perdono nel gelo
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

[[es:Cuando el rastro se enfría]]
[[ja:低温調査]]