{{About|the quest|Jean's Constellation|When the West Wind Arises}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00486
|title         = When the West Wind Arises
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Leo Minor Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = Master's Day Off
|character     = Jean
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 34 and spend 1 [[Story Key]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|next          = Margaret's Longing
|next2         = Charles' Troubles
|next3         = Sara's Worries
|exp           = 425
|mora          = 25,450
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Barbara;Charles;Jean;Kaeya;Margaret;Paimon;Sara;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''When the West Wind Arises''' is the first part of [[Jean]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Leo Minor Chapter]]: Act I - [[Master's Day Off]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Sara]] (about her problem)
#Talk to [[Charles]]
#Pass the citizens' commissions on to [[Jean]]
#*On your way to Jean's office, you're going to encounter [[Margaret]], who's looking for her cat.
#Talk to [[Jean]]
#Return to the [[Knights of Favonius]] headquarters

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Sara]] from the [[Good Hunter]] restaurant appears to have a request for the Knights of Favonius...<br /><br />[[Jean]] has her work cut out for her as Acting Grand Master. Today is no different &mdash; it's one commission after another...}}
===Accepting Jean's commissions===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Sara)
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 01.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Oh, it's you! Over here, over here!
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's Sara from [[Good Hunter]]!

;(Talk to Sara)
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 02.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Ah, finally, I caught you!
:{{DIcon}} Is something wrong, Sara?
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, I already ate.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 03.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Oh, I'm not after your patronage.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 04.ogg}} '''Sara:''' I have something I'd like the Knights of Favonius to do for me, and I want you to pass on my request to the Acting Grand Master.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so it's Jean you were really hoping to see.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 05.ogg}} '''Sara:''' You are close with her?
:{{DIcon}} We're like peas in a pod.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 06a.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Really? It must be a good feeling knowing Jean's got your back.
:{{DIcon}} We've met.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 06b.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Well, I heard she has a lot of respect for you.
:{{DIcon}} I'm her loyal slave.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 06c.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Slave!? I never knew that such antiquated and aristocratic practises existed in the Knights of Favonius!
::{{A|vo qinlq001 1 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't mind (Traveler), she just has a weird sense of humor.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Anyway, what was it you wanted us to tell Jean?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 07.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Oh yes... I must apologize for being unable to visit the Knights in person, but the restaurant has been so busy lately.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 08.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Unfortunately, it's right in this busy season that the route between here and [[Springvale]], which is used for the delivery of our ingredients, seems to have been occupied by the hilichurls.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 09.ogg}} '''Sara:''' The problem is that the suppliers in Springvale say that deliveries have nothing to do with them, they're just responsible for selling us the ingredient
:{{DIcon}} So you want the Knights to clear the road.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 10a.ogg}} '''Sara:''' That would be great.
:{{DIcon}} So you want someone to teach those hunters a lesson.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 1 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What? No! How is that going to help!?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 10b.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Please {{Color|buzzword|ask Master Jean}} to send a party to clear out the hilichurls from the road to Springvale.
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 11.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Phew, help at last. With Jean on the case, this'll be solved in no time. Thank you.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like everyone really trusts Jean.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 12.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Oh, I nearly forgot. {{Color|buzzword|Charles the bartender}} said he's been having some trouble too.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 sara 13.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Why don't you stop by and see him on the way?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 1 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fine. In for a penny, in for a pound is the Paimon way... but this is really stretching the definition of "on the way" in my opinion.
----
;(Approach Charles)
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 01.ogg}} '''Charles:''' What do you think this is, kiddo, a fruit juice store?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:'''  Hmph. How rude! Especially since we're here to HELP!
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 02.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Help? Oh yes, you're the Acting Grand Master's new hotshot helper, aren't you?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh... That's one way of putting it, but&mdash;
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 03.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Great. Tell Jean I need my quarterly tax return forms then.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 04.ogg}} '''Charles:''' It's time to get [[Elzer]] onto doing the accounts again... I must say though, the tax rate on alcohol in Mondstadt is pretty steep
:{{DIcon}} Do you really need to get Jean involved with stuff like this?
:{{DIcon}} And yet the Dawn Winery is somehow so very rich.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 05.ogg}} '''Charles:''' That's mostly down to [[Diluc|Master Diluc]]'s successful business model.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are the accounts with Jean? Does she do bookkeeping now too?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 06.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Acting Grand Master Jean personally goes over all the accounts.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 07.ogg}} '''Charles:''' After all, the wine industry is Mondstadt's main source of income. Jean takes great pains to make sure no detail is overlooked.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon never knew that. Jean's job is even harder than it seems.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 08.ogg}} '''Charles:''' The Acting Grand Master's hard work indeed makes our lives a whole lot easier.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 09.ogg}} '''Charles:''' We're certainly very lucky, but... to put it bluntly, we just take it for granted that that's the norm now.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow... How do you sleep at night knowing how much pressure you put Jean under?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 10.ogg}} '''Charles:''' *sigh* When you put it like that I do feel quite ashamed... I suppose I should give her one on the house next time she's here.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 charles 11.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Although... I doubt the Acting Grand Master even has the time to spare for that.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sounds like a poor excuse to deny Jean a free drink...
:{{A|vo qinlq001 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Come on (Traveler), let's {{Color|buzzword|go and see Jean}}.
----
;(Approach the Knights of Favonius headquarters)
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 01.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Hey, you two!
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Margaret! What are you doing here?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 02.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' My cat's gone missing. Have you seen it?
:{{DIcon}} No.
:{{DIcon}} You mean... [[Diona]]?
::{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 03.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' No, not her. I imagine Diona's probably still in the tavern.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 04.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' I mean little Princey. Prince was just home, now he's gone.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Did you seriously think Diona was a house cat!?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 05.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' This is a bit worrying. What if Prince can't find his way home?
:{{DIcon}} I would love to help, but...
::{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But we are on our way to an urgent meeting with Jean. Sorry.
:{{DIcon}} I guess we can have a look for your cat.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Naw, (Traveler). You're always such a big softie. But aren't we in the middle of something?
::{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sara and Charles need our help urgently, too. Let's go and see Jean first.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 06.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' You're on the way to see Jean? What a coincidence.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thought you were looking for a cat?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 07.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Yes, I wanted to see if Jean could help look for my cat.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seriously? You want Jean... to help you look for your cat?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 08.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' What's wrong with that?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 09.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Jean's a really nice person.
:{{DIcon}} Such a solid line of reasoning...
:{{DIcon}} I feel like this is a classic case of "good people finish last."
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 margaret 10.ogg}} '''Margaret:''' Please mention it to Jean for me. I'll treat you to a brew at Cat's Tail later.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, HEY!
:{{A|vo qinlq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, unbelievable! Guess the case of Prince the missing cat is now added to the agenda for our meeting with Jean.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Reporting to Jean===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Approach Jean)
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 qin 01.ogg}} '''Jean:''' *cough*...
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Acting Grand Master&mdash;
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 qin 02.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, ahh&mdash; Master Jean?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 qin 03.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...
:{{DIcon}} ...Master Jean?
:{{DIcon}} Hey, Jean? Jeany Jean-Jean?
:{{DIcon}} ...Behold, the Dandelion Knight herself?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 qin 04.ogg}} '''Jean:''' Oh! It's our Honorary Knight. Sorry, I must have been daydreaming.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 qin 05.ogg}} '''Jean:''' How can I assist?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Actually, it's not us who need your help. It's a bunch of other people...
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 qin 06.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I see. Well, thank you for your service to the people of Mondstadt. *cough*
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 qin 07.ogg}} '''Jean:''' I have made a note of these commissions in my files and I will... make arrangements...
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 qin 08.ogg}} '''Jean:''' ...accordingly.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We didn't miss out anyone's commissions, did we?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sara's hilichurls, Charles' tax return, Margaret's cat... Seems that's everything.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We'll be on our way then, Jean&mdash; Jean?
:;(Jean collapses)
:{{A|vo qinlq001 4 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Jean! Are you okay!?
:'''''Something's wrong with Jean, and you bring her to the Cathedral in search of assistance...'''''
----
;(Cutscene of Barbara, Traveler, and Paimon in the Cathedral)
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' How's Jean holding up? Is it serious?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' It's just burnout from work stress. She'll be fine after a good old rest.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 02.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Thanks for bringing her here &mdash; she may have tried to keep soldiering on otherwise.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's not a surprise though, she does have a lot to get through every day.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 03.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Poor Jean. She has always been one to push herself too hard while overlooking her own needs.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 04.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' This isn't the first time something like this has happened.
:{{DIcon}} She really has it tough doesn't she. Poor Jean.
:{{DIcon}} Seems like you really care about Jean.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 05.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Oh, ah... You think so? I&mdash;I mean, she's the Acting Grand Master and all, we can't have her collapsing all the time now can we...
::{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 06.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' S&mdash;So y'know, it's not like this is a personal... thing, it's just out of love for&mdash; concern for... the greater good! Yes, that's it!
::{{A|vo qinlq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's up with Barbara... Weird~
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 07.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' ...Anyway, you're an honorary knight aren't you (Traveler)?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 08.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' While the Master is down, the knights should share her burden, no?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's a very good point, but... Shouldn't one of the fully-qualified knights do that?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 09.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Jean has so much to do, an extra pair of hands can't hurt.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 10.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' You should go and check in at the {{Color|buzzword|headquarters}}. Jean will be fine with just me here.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon feels like she's trying to get rid of us...
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 barbara 11.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' Hmm?
<!--vo here is not consistent with the text but this is how it is in-game-->
:{{A|vo qinlq001 5 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Nothing! We'll leave you to it &mdash; come on (Traveler), let's go.

;(If you talk to Barbara again)
:{{A|vo dialog qinlq001 barbara 01.ogg}} '''Barbara:''' I already told you, I can take care of Jean on my own. Please help Jean out by completing her tasks.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Returning to the Knights of Favonius headquarters===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(At the entrance of the Knights of Favonius headquarters)
:{{A|vo qinlq001 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, it's Kaeya.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I've been waiting for you.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 02.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I have been informed about Jean falling ill. On behalf of all of Knights of Favonius, allow me to express my sincere gratitude for your assistance.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So courteous and polite. This isn't the Kaeya Paimon knows.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha... Well, the circumstances warrant it. This is the Acting Grand Master herself we're talking about.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Now, in addition to that thank-you message, there was one other thing...
:{{DIcon}} You have a job for us?
::{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 05.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' It's like you read my mind! We have quite a connection, don't you think?
:{{DIcon}} Is this the part where you give us our reward?
::{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahaha. I must say I like your style.
::{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' But before we can discuss a reward, there are some things I hope you can assist the Knights with.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Things like helping to fill in for Jean?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Right. Although the commissions you reported to Jean have already been handed off to someone else...
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' ...I am concerned that they will not be handled with due care without Jean's personal touch.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' So I am hoping that you can help out where you see fit.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I will feel much more at ease knowing that the Honorary Knight is personally overseeing these cases.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You can flatter (Traveler) all you want, but answer this &mdash; why don't YOU do it!?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha... Oh, I have far more important matters to attend to. There are so many things to... to prepare.
:{{A|vo qinlq001 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmph. Fine then. So it's {{Color|buzzword|Sara, Charles and Margaret's}} stuff you want us to help with, right?
:{{A|vo qinlq001 8 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Those are the ones. I appreciate the help. See you later!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = When the West Wind Arises
|zhs     = 西风吹拂的日常
|zhs_rm  = Xīfēng Chuīfú de Rìcháng
|zht     = 西風吹拂的日常
|zht_rm  = Xīfēng Chuīfú de Rìcháng
|zh_tl   = The Everyday Breezing of the West Wind
|ja      = 西風の吹く日常
|ja_rm   = Seifuu no Fuku Nichijou
|ja_tl   = The Everyday Breezing of the West Wind
|ko      = 서풍이 부는 일상
|ko_rm   = Seopung-i buneun Ilsang
|ko_tl   = Daily Life Blowing of the West Wind
|es      = Cuando sopla el viento del oeste
|es_tl   = When the West Wind Blows
|fr      = Le vent d'ouest souffle tous les jours
|fr_tl   = The West Wind Blows Everyday
|ru      = Когда поднимается западный ветер
|ru_tl   = When the West Wind Arises
|th      = วันธรรมดาของสายลมตะวันตก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Khi Gió Tây Về
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das tägliche Wehen des Westwinds
|de_tl   = The Daily Blow of the Westwind
|id      = Saat Angin Barat Bangkit
|id_tl   = When the West Wind Arises
|pt      = Quando o Vento Oeste Surge
|pt_tl   = When the West Wind Arises
|tr      = 
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = 
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Cuando sopla el viento del oeste]]
[[fr:Le vent d'ouest souffle tous les jours]]