{{EventTabs}}
{{Event
|name              = When Flowers Bloom
|image             = When Flowers Bloom.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-03-25 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2022-03-30 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://webstatic-sea.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20220325-ayato-c0xp/index.html
|linkname          = Event Page
|character         = Kamisato Ayaka;Kamisato Ayato;Thoma
}}
'''When Flowers Bloom''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 2.5]].

==Event Period==
03/25/2022 12:00 – 03/30/2022 23:59 (UTC +8)

==Event Summary==
During the event, Travelers will need to complete the designated event tasks as well as help the Yashiro Commission servants plant flowers. Upon completion, you will receive in-game items as rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, Travelers will need to complete the event tasks as well as help the Yashiro Commission servants plant flowers. Once the flowers have fully bloomed, you will receive in-game items as rewards.
# Complete the corresponding tasks in the event to increase the growth progress of the flowers. When the growth progress reaches 9 points, you can receive Primogems and other in-game rewards.
## Water × 3
## Cut × 3
## Dig × 3
## Share
## View new version content
## Go to and follow the official TikTok account
## Practice martial arts
## Have Thoma make tea
## Review official documents

==In-Game Rewards==
After helping the Yashiro Commission servants plant flowers, Travelers can obtain in-game rewards, such as Primogems and Character Ascension Materials.
{{Card|Primogem|40}}{{Card|Varunada Lazurite Fragment|3}}{{Card|Mora|20,000}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The growth status of the flowers will be recorded in the growth progress, and you can receive Primogems and other in-game rewards when the growth progress reaches 9 points.
# In-game rewards obtained by completing event tasks need to be collected manually. Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = When Flowers Bloom
|zhs     = 花开有时
|zhs_rm  = Huākāi Yǒushí
|zht     = 花開有時
|zht_rm  = Huākāi Yǒushí
|ja      = 花咲く頃
|ja_rm   = Hana Saku Koro{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 꽃이 필 즈음
|ko_rm   = Kkochi Pil Jeu'eum
|es      = Cuando las flores florecen
|fr      = Le temps des fleurs
|ru      = Когда распускаются цветы
|th      = ถึงคราดอกไม้บาน
|th_rm   = Thueng Khrad Ok Mai Ban
|vi      = Khi Mùa Hoa Nở
|de      = Wenn die Blumen blühen
|id      = Ketika Bunga Bermekaran
|pt      = Quando as Flores Florescem
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

[[ru:Когда распускаются цветы]]