{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00398
|image         = Archon Quest C0A3 When the Wind Dies Down.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = III
|act           = Song of the Dragon and Freedom
|part          = 7
|description   = You finally managed to save [[Dvalin]]. Is this where the story of the wind ends?
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = A Long Shot
|next          = Ending Note
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 8,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|3}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|9}}<br />
'''Optional Task:'''<br />{{Card|"Pile 'Em Up"|3}}{{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}{{Card|Mora|10,125}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
|characters    = Amber;Cyrus;Grace;Guy;Huffman;Kaeya;Nimrod;Otto;Paimon;Sara;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|3|part=7}}

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Amber]]
# If you destroy a hilichurl barricade:
## Destroy the hilichurls' barricades (0/13)
## Talk to [[Otto]]
# Chat to the locals ([[Cyrus]])
# Chat to the locals ([[Nimrod]])
# Chat to the locals ([[Grace]])
# Go to [[Good Hunter]]
# Take a seat by Amber

==Notes==
*The player will not be able to continue the quest if [[Kaeya]] and [[Amber]] are involved in another quest, like [[Secret Pirate Treasure]] and [[Wind, Courage, and Wings]].<ref>https://youtu.be/63UyP35HLuk?t=533</ref>

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
:'''''One day later...'''''

:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You guys are back! The Honorary Knight returns triumphant!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup, (Traveler)'s back from playing tussling with Dvalin!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You just returned yesterday, right? Jean got back first, and she told us all about your heroic deeds.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' *sigh* I wonder if I'll ever get an opportunity like that...
:{{DIcon}} All thanks to your referral.
::{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 04a 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That doesn't come into it. You guys deserve all the credit for how you resolved this crisis.
::{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 04a 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' When I brought you into the city that day, I was just doing my duty as an Outrider.
:{{DIcon}} Trust me, it's not an opportunity you'd want too often...
::{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 04b 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You're right, actually. Peace is hard-won, and we shouldn't take it for granted.
::{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 04b 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' And this time, you're the one we should all the grateful to.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You're welcome! ...But, have you been waiting here for us this whole time?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Of course not! Just because I'm not out on the front line doesn't mean I don't have work to do... In fact, I'm dealing with the aftermath of the crisis as we speak.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Aftermath? Here? What happened in Mondstadt?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' While Master Jean was away, the monsters lurking nearby made a coordinated attack on the city.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Fortunately, we weren't completely taken by surprise. I detected the hilichurls were moving closer to the city a while back.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh yeah! Paimon remembers. When we first met, you were clearing out one of their camps...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Exactly. And if we hadn't started making preparations back then, Mondstadt would be in much greater danger by now.
:{{DIcon}} Glad you held them off.
::{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 09a 1.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Me too. But I have a strange feeling that we're not out of the woods yet...
::{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 09a 2.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hilichurls aren't usually capable of coordinating like this...
:{{DIcon}} Why would the hilichurls do this?
::{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 09b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I know, it's strange. Hilichurls aren't usually capable of coordinating like this...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Our best bet is that the Abyss Order is behind it.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They've taken over the hilichurls? Hmm... Good thing we saved Dvalin, or they might've taken him, to...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That's right. And since I'm the Outrider, it's up to me to keep eyes on the Abyss Order from now on.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 12.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Ugh, I'm sorry. You should be celebrating your victory, not listening to all this somber talk!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 13.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hmm... I promised to take you out for some Sticky Honey Roast, didn't I? Before everyone got caught up in the Stormterror crisis.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 14.ogg}} '''Amber:''' There's no time like the present, right? You guys hungry?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You bet! You may have forgotten till just now, but it's been on Paimon's mind this whole time!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 15.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Awesome, let's go! It's been way too long since I last ate a Sticky Honey Roast myself.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 2 ambor 16.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Wait for me at Good Hunter. I'll be right there, I just have to clean up here real quick.

;(Talk to Amber again before the meeting)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' *sigh* What timing... Not only was Jean away right when the hilichurls attacked, but Kaeya had disappeared, too.
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Luckily, the knights on hand all did an admirable job and we successfully defended the city.
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I guess Kaeya must have had his reasons.
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I mean, it's not like he would've just sat the whole thing out at the Cat's Tail, right? ...Right?

----

;(Talk to Otto if the player helped destroy the barricades)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 4 otto 01.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Thanks for helping us clean up the battlefield... You really didn't have to, you know...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 4 otto 02.ogg}} '''Otto:''' This work ethic of yours really puts me to shame.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 4 otto 03.ogg}} '''Otto:''' I know this paltry sum doesn't begin to pay you back for everything you've done for the Knights, but... for what it's worth, please take it.
:;(Obtain [["Pile 'Em Up"]] ×3, [[Adventurer's Experience]] ×4, [[Mora]] ×10,125, [[Mystic Enhancement Ore]] ×2, [[Adventure EXP]] ×350)

----

;(Talk to Cyrus)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 cyrus 02.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Here we go! This is it!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 cyrus 03.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Crisis! Danger! The thrill of adventure!!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 cyrus 04.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Adventurers' Guild! Finally, our days of rescuing kittens and finding lost puppies are over! The age of adventure is upon us!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 cyrus 05.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' Roll up, youngsters, join the Adventurers' Guild today! In this time of great upheaval, we must rally together, take on the dragon, and save our great city of Mondstadt!
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, about that...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 cyrus 06.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' ...What!? WHAT!?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 cyrus 07.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' The Stormterror threat is resolved? I missed the Acting Grand Master's speech?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 cyrus 08.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' ...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 cyrus 09.ogg}} '''Cyrus:''' ...Bah! Stormterror should have put up more of a fight! We didn't get to join in...

;(Talk to Nimrod)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 nimrod 02.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Long live the heroes! Thank you, it's finally all over.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 nimrod 03.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' Many trade routes have closed due to the Stormterror incident. We can cope for now without fresh fruit and vegetables... But if the wine supply dries up, we're all doomed!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 nimrod 04.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' I cannot imagine a world without wine.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 nimrod 05.ogg}} '''Nimrod:''' I hope they get the trade routes back up and running soon.

;(Talk to Grace)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 grace 02.ogg}} '''Grace:''' So, Stormterror's true identity is Dvalin – one of the Four Winds! We never should've forgotten his past sacrifice for Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 grace 03.ogg}} '''Grace:''' Every cloud has a silver lining – we're fortunate that our relationship with the Dragon of the East didn't sour past the point of no return.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 grace 04.ogg}} '''Grace:''' For that, we have you to thank. And Jean, for her unfailing devotion.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 5 grace 05.ogg}} '''Grace:''' As long as we have the Knights of Favonius, peace and freedom will prevail in Mondstadt.

;(Talk to Guy)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 guy 01.ogg}} '''Guy:''' We're lucky [[Albedo]] stayed in the City during the crisis, our defences were all the stronger for it.
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 guy 02.ogg}} '''Guy:''' It was a rare privilege to see the Chief Alchemist of the Knights of Favonius in action.
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 guy 03.ogg}} '''Guy:''' Makes me wonder whether I should try my hand at [[Alchemy]] too...

;(Talk to Huffman)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 huffman 01.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' I salute you, Honorary Knight!
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 huffman 02.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' The [[Jean|Acting Grandmaster]] gave a public address on the Stormterror incident. It was truly inspiring!
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 huffman 03.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' The truth was... incredible. And to think the Knights nearly approved a plan to slay the dragon. We were too quick to jump to conclusions...
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 huffman 04.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' Still, it could take a long time for those who suffered to forgive [[Dvalin]]. And... who knows if they can forgive him fully.
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 huffman 05.ogg}} '''Huffman:''' As ever, we must let the wind lead.

;(Talk to Otto)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 otto 01.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Now I have to submit a full damage report on the disaster to [[Lisa]].
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq071 otto 02.ogg}} '''Otto:''' There were no casualties, but they still want a record of every scraped knee and broken roof tile for some reason...

----

;(At Good Hunter)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 sara 01.ogg}} '''Sara:''' Greetings, may I take your order?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 01.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Why so cold? I've always thought that we enjoy quite the intimate friendship.
:{{DIcon}} Oh hey, I didn't see you there...
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 02a.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Hahaha... It seems your great battle sharpened not only your combat skills but your wit as well. A knight after my own heart.
:{{DIcon}} Ah, the handsome Mr. Kaeya.
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 02b.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Ah, so you do feel something for me. And people say my charm is fake.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 03.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' To bask in the presence of Mondstadt's new big hero is quite the morale boost. And that's coming from a knight.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Sweet-talking sugar-coated Captain Kaeya...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 04.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Haha, nonsense! I speak from the heart.
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 05a 1.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Just looking for a quiet spot to collect my thoughts.
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 paimon 02a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' While all the other knights are working hard to clean up after the battle...
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 05a 2.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Thinking can be an arduous task, you know. Believe me, I'd much rather be taking out the trash.
:{{DIcon}} What are you plotting this time...
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 05b 1.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Me? Nothing. On the contrary, I'm trying to work out what others are plotting.
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 05b 2.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' That's why I'm here – somewhere quiet, where I can collect my thoughts.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So, whatcha thinkin' about, then?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 06.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The Abyss Order.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 07.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' A dragon wreaks havoc in Mondstadt, and the Acting Grand Master leaves the city to combat the threat. Strategically, that's the perfect moment for the Abyss Order to make their move.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 08.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' If you were with the Abyss Order, would you squander this golden opportunity by sending in nothing more than a few hilichurls?
:{{DIcon}} You're right, it doesn't add up.
:{{DIcon}} There must be more to this story.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 09.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' To get to the bottom of it, I decided to wait. So I waited, and watched for their next move.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 10.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Then came the day when you made all hell break loose in Stormterror's Lair, just as hilichurls' cries sounded from the city gates...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 11.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The same day, I saw shadowy figures lurking in the city itself.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Inside the city!?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 12.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Well, all the other knights were outside, fighting the enemy. As you can imagine, that left the inside of the city completely unguarded.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 13.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Except for me, of course. And so I approached the Abyss Order infiltrators for a bit of... hmm, let's call it fraternizing.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 14.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Through various means, I managed to gather some rather interesting intel.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 15.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' The situation is this: The Abyss Order... they are united under a single leader.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' The Abyss Order has a leader?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 16.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Yes. And it was this very leader who devised the plot to turn Dvalin into a weapon of war.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What exactly did you have to do to find this out!?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 17.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Heh... Let's just say I'm blessed with certain linguistic powers.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 18a.ogg}} {{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 18b.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' There's more... The Abyss Order has a name for [[Traveler's Sibling|this leader]]... They call (her/him) "The (Princess/Prince)."
:{{DIcon}} (Prince/Princess)...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 19.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' Now, I'm sorry to cut this intelligence briefing short, but I do believe I spy Amber heading this way...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 kaeya 20.ogg}} '''Kaeya:''' I think she's still angry with me for my absence from the defense effort during the attack... I'd better slip away before she notices me.

;(Kaeya leaves and the Traveler talks to Amber, who just arrives)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' One minute I see Kaeya, the next he's slipped away! Clear sign of a guilty conscience...
:{{DIcon}} He does a lot behind the scenes...
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 ambor 02a.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Are you sure? Because that sounds like exactly what he'd say to talk himself out of trouble...
:{{DIcon}} I know! What a scoundrel!
::{{A|vo mdaq071 6 ambor 02b.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I agree. He sets a terrible example for someone who's Cavalry Captain.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But let's forget about him. I worked super hard today and my tummy's rumbling. Let's order!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 6 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hi Sara! One Sticky Honey Roast, please...

;(While having a meal with Amber)
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' So. Now the Stormterror threat is behind us, what are your plans for the next step?
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 paimon 01a.ogg}} {{A|vo mdaq071 8 paimon 01b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks it's time to leave Mondstadt, and keep looking through the seven nations until we find clues about (his sister/her brother).
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Huh, really? Oh... Well, I guess this is goodbye for now...
:{{DIcon}} I will miss Mondstadt.
:{{DIcon}} I will miss my Favonian family.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Hey, don't feel down! You'll always be a friend of the Knights of Favonius and our Honorary Knight. Wherever you may go, and wherever the wind may blow.
:{{DIcon}} Let the Wind lead!
:{{DIcon}} I'll come back and visit.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' That's the spirit! Remember, Mondstadt will always welcome you.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Alright, now let's eat before it gets cold!
:You enjoyed a relaxing mealtime.
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Mmm, that was goooood! Note to Paimon, Amber's recommendations are worth the wait!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Of course! While I don't trust myself in the kitchen, you can always trust me with the menu!
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh, I almost forgot to mention...
:{{A|vo mdaq071 8 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Jean's waiting for you at the Cathedral. It's something to do with the Holy Lyre del Himmel... You'd better head there now.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = When the Wind Dies Down
|zhs     = 尾声，风停之后
|zhs_rm  = Wěishēng, Fēngtíng zhī Hòu
|zht     = 尾聲，風停之後
|zht_rm  = Wěishēng, Fēngtíng zhī Hòu
|zh_tl   = Epilogue, After the Wind Stops
|ja      = エピローグ、風が止んだ後
|ja_rm   = Epiroogu, Kaze ga Yanda Ato{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Epilogue, After the Wind Stops
|ko      = 결말, 바람이 멈춘 이후
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Epílogo: La calma después de la tormenta
|es_tl   = Epilogue: The Calm After the Starm
|fr      = Accalmie
|fr_tl   = Lull
|ru      = Эпилог: когда ветер стих
|ru_tl   = Epilogue: When the Wind Died Down
|th      = เมื่อสายลมหยุดพัด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = When the Wind Stops Blowing
|vi      = Cái Kết Sau Khi Gió Ngừng Thổi
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Stille nach dem Sturm
|de_tl   = Silence after the Storm
|id      = Saat Sang Angin Berhenti
|id_tl   = When The Wind Stops
|pt      = Silêncio Após a Tempestade
|pt_tl   = Silence After the Storm
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]
[[pt-br:Silêncio Após a Tempestade]]