{{Event Tabs}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Loading screen)
:Whew... Everything's ready. Now all that's missing is the [[Traveler]].

;(Begin event)
:'''Citlali:''' Traveler trapped in the swirling mists, do not despair, for all is as clear as polished glass. Let me soothe the doubts that fill your heart.

;(Swipe to select the question you want to ask for the divination.)
::Will I discover a special treasure soon?
::How are the friends I have met on my adventures faring?
::Will I have any wonderful encounters soon?
::Will the plot of the light novel I've been looking forward to live up to my expectations?
::Will I receive an easy commission from the Adventurers' Guild tomorrow?
::Will Paimon's food expenses increase again this month?
::Will my work proceed smoothly?
::Will my studies proceed smoothly?
::Should I leave the house tomorrow?
::Will I sleep well tonight?
::What sort of luck am I about to have?
::Will I be able to complete my current undertakings smoothly?

;(Divination Results)
::You're on the right path.
::Surrounded by lucky stars, everything will proceed smoothly.
::Trust in your heart, there is no need to worry.
::Good fortune is like a treasure before you, take one more step forward and it will be yours.
::Let me see... Oh! Such dazzling light!
::Hmm... How very interesting.
::Behold, ill fortune dare not draw near.
::Trust in your own strength, nothing is beyond your reach.
::Smile and enjoy the journey, happiness is all that matters.

{{Dialogue End}}

[[ru:Когда туман рассеется/История]]
[[vi:Khi Màn Sương Tan/Cốt Truyện]]