{{Event Tabs}}
{{Stub}}
{{Event
|name              = When the Mists Fade
|image             = When the Mists Fade.png
|type              = Web
|group             = Character Release
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2024-12-25 12:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2024-12-31 23:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/35834537
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20241225citlali-4c8vwo/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|What are you standing there for? It's already over. Brush the dust off your pants and go back to look for your master.<br>A divination? I'm heading out now. If it's not urgent, we can talk about it tomorrow.<br>...<br>Ah—! I still have a ton of things to do before I leave, don't tell me the Traveler is already here!}}
'''When the Mists Fade''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 5.2]].

==Event Duration==
December 25, 2024 12:00 – December 31, 2024 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Eligibility==
Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Summary==
During the event, chat with Citlali and complete a divination to obtain in-game rewards.

==Gameplay Details==
# During the event, you will need to choose a question you want Citlali to help with in the divination. You can claim in-game item rewards after receiving Citlali's divination result.
# Complete a divination to claim the event wallpaper.

==In-Game Rewards==
Answer Citlali's divination once to obtain in-game rewards, such as Primogems and Character Ascension Materials.
{{Card List|Primogem*40,Mystic Enhancement Ore*2,Shivada Jade Fragment*3,Mora*20000|show_caption=1}}

==Event Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The event wallpapers are not available after the event ends. Please claim them in time.
# After completing a divination, the in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.
# Please note that the web event cannot be accessed during Version Update Maintenance. After Version Update Maintenance is completed, you will be able to access the web event as normal.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = When the Mists Fade
|zhs      = 迷烟散尽时
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 迷煙散盡時
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 迷煙が霧散する頃
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 안개<->가 걷히는 순간
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = Al disiparse la niebla
|es_tl    = As the Fog Clears
|fr       = Quand la brume se dissipe
|fr_tl    = When the Mist Dissipates
|ru       = Когда туман рассеется
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ยามเมื่อหมอกจางหาย
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Khi Màn Sương Tan
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wenn sich der Nachtwind legt
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Kala Kabut Memudar
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Quando a Fumaça se Dissipar
|pt_tl    = When the Smoke Dissipates
|tr       = Sisler Dağıldığında
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Quando la nebbia si dissolve
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.2}}

[[es:Al disiparse la niebla]]
[[fr:Quand la brume se dissipe]]
[[ru:Когда туман рассеется]]
[[vi:Khi Màn Sương Tan]]