{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71821
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Wangshu Once Again]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Flash-Fist Ling; Hongyu; Paimon; Traveler
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = {{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
}}
'''Where the Light Wanes''' is the second request in Part II of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the fifth day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Hongyu]]
# Head to the designated location to collect the [[Xiao Lantern]]
# Collect the Xiao Lantern
#* Obtain {{Item|Broken Xiao Lantern Lampshade|20|x=1}}
# Head to the designated location to collect the Xiao Lantern
# Collect the Xiao Lantern
#* Obtain Broken Xiao Lantern Lampshade ×1
# Head to the designated location to collect the Xiao Lantern
# Defeat the enraged Hilichurls
# Talk to [[Flash-Fist Ling]]
# Collect the Xiao Lantern
#* Obtain Broken Xiao Lantern Lampshade ×1
# Report back to Hongyu

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|While everyone else is lifting their eyes up to the lovely sight of Xiao Lanterns in the sky, Millelith soldier Hongyu is having a headache...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Hongyu)
:'''Hongyu:''' How did I end up doing this...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Hongyu:''' [[Xiao Lantern]]s don't just vanish into thin air after each [[Lantern Rite]], you know? They have to be recovered manually.
:'''Hongyu:''' Sure, they are quite a view, floating majestically in the air, but at the same time, they can also be quite a nuisance.
:'''Hongyu:''' If its lampshade is poorly made, a lantern will break mid-air, leaving only a chunk of [[Plaustrite Shard|Plaustrite]] that flies all over the place.
:'''Hongyu:''' Some Xiao Lanterns also get blown away by the wind and end up stuck in random nooks...
:'''Hongyu:''' The former creates safety concerns, while the latter litters the city landscape. So the Ministry of Civil Affairs usually delegates the responsibility of recovering Xiao Lanterns to a specific person.
:'''Hongyu:''' As it happens, it's my turn this year...
:'''Hongyu:''' But the amount of Xiao Lanterns released during the festival is overwhelming... If I were to retrieve them all the day after the celebrations end, I'd be done for.
:'''Hongyu:''' So the only feasible way is to remove the broken and misplaced lanterns gradually, as people release them.
:'''Hongyu:''' Even so, I doubt I can collect them all on my own.
:'''Hongyu:''' Traveler, would you mind checking a few spots for Xiao Lanterns that need to be recovered?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
:'''Hongyu:''' I've marked the locations on the map for you. Thanks for your help!

;(Talk to Hongyu again)
:'''Hongyu:''' They release them, I take them back, and so on and so forth. Am I the only one who sees no point in this?
----
;(Upon reaching the first location)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon sees the Xiao Lantern &mdash; but how did it get all the way up there in that tree?
:'''Paimon:''' It's just like Hongyu said. People's Xiao Lanterns end up in some weird places.
----
;(Upon reaching the second location)
:'''Paimon:''' What's going on? Are the hilichurls interested in that lantern, too? Let's chase them off, quick!
----
;(Upon reaching the third location)
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, over there! Looks like someone's been surrounded by hilichurls. Let's help them out!

;(Idle quote)
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' Master... I'm sorry...
----
;(Talk to Flash-Fist Ling after defeating the hilichurls)
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' That's not fair!
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' I... Ugh, let me start from the beginning. My [[Archaic Lord of Lightning and Blitz|master]] recently developed a new kicking technique. An immensely powerful one at that!
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' But he claimed that I wasn't earnest enough, and that I still needed to work on the basics. He wouldn't teach me the new technique...
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' I planned to take advantage of the Lantern Rite and give him a nice Xiao Lantern to soften his attitude. Perhaps a change of mood would lead to a change of heart, and he'd agree to teach me those moves, or so I thought.
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' But I couldn't find any Plaustrite, so when I noticed that a Xiao Lantern got stuck over there, I wanted to retrieve the Plaustrite inside...
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' You saw what happened next... Eh, I don't deserve that Xiao Lantern. You can have it.
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' Encountering those monsters really made me realize that my martial arts foundations leave a lot to be desired...

;(Talk to Flash-Fist Ling again after retrieving the lantern)
:'''Flash-Fist Ling:''' It's all because I'm too weak. I have a long way to go to fully grasp my master's teachings.
----
;(Report back to Hongyu)
:'''Hongyu:''' Have you checked all the spots I marked for you yet? Any Xiao Lanterns recovered?
:{{DIcon}} Three Xiao Lanterns altogether.
:'''Hongyu:''' Thanks so much. It would have been a lot of work to retrieve the Xiao Lanterns in those places. The trip tires me right out each time...
:'''Hongyu:''' With your help, I can finally rest easy. So please, take this for your trouble. You've more than earned it.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Where the Light Wanes
|zhs     = 灯火阑珊处
|zhs_rm  = Dēnghuǒ lánshān chù
|zht     = 燈火闌珊處
|zht_rm  = Dēnghuǒ lánshān chù
|zh_tl   = Where the Light Wanes
|ja      = 灯火が尽きる場所
|ja_rm   = Tomoshibi ga tsukiru basho
|ja_tl   = Where the Light Wanes
|ko      = 등불이 꺼져가는 곳
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Donde la luz se desvanece
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = À l'orée des lueurs
|fr_tl   = At the Brink of Glimmers
|ru      = Где угасают огни
|ru_tl   = Where the Lights Ebb
|th      = ณ จุดที่แสงไฟสลัว
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nơi ánh đèn heo hắt
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wo das Licht schwindet
|de_tl   = Where the Light Wanes
|id      = Cahaya akan Padam
|id_tl   = Light will Go Out
|pt      = Luzes prestes a se apagar
|pt_tl   = Lights About to Go Out
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}