{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73675
|image         = Event Quest Where the Future Stars Fall.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Star-Seeker's Sojourn
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 30 or above
|characters    = Banu; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Pardis Dhyai]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Ashavan Realm
|subarea       = Pardis Dhyai
|next          = Great Future Star
|rewards       = Mora*20,000;Hero's Wit*2;Banu's Wisdom*1
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Star-Seeker's Sojourn]] Event.
}}
'''''Where the Future Stars Fall''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Star-Seeker's Sojourn]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Banu]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Banu is searching for something out in the wild all by herself...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Banu)
:'''Banu:''' Oh, this is great! It's a well-dressed stranger instead of someone from [[The Eremites]] or [[Treasure Hoarders]]. Alright, I must seize this opportunity!
:'''Banu:''' Umm... "Wayfaring friend, please, wait a second before you venture forth!"
:{{DIcon}} Hello?
:{{DIcon}} Can I help you?
:'''Banu:''' "Good day, bracket, address them as sir or ma'am based on their gender, bracket. Terribly sorry to bother you, but please take some time out of your busy schedule to... uh... give ear to my request."
:'''Paimon:''' D&mdash;Did you just say bracket?
:'''Banu:''' Wait, wait, please don't interrupt me just yet, or I'll forget my lines. My next line should be...
:'''Banu:''' "Bracket, describe the difficulty you've encountered concisely... and politely ask for their help, then thank them in a formal manner, bracket."
:'''Banu:''' And the last line is... "Bracket, example, bracket. I'd be truly grateful for your kindness and generosity. Your good deed shall be remembered forever."
:'''Banu:''' "In the meantime, I'm willing to pay you handsomely for your hard work, so please, I implore you to give my request some serious consideration."
:'''Banu:''' Phew. Now that I didn't miss a single word this time, it shouldn't be a problem at all. Alright, I'll leave the Future Stars to you then.
:'''Paimon:''' Sounds like you have a favor to ask us, but Paimon's really not following...
:'''Banu:''' Huh? How come? According to 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know, that was exactly what you should say when asking strangers for help. There shouldn't be a problem...
:{{DIcon}} I have some questions...
::'''Banu:''' R&mdash;Really? P&mdash;Please give me a second. I'll look up what to recite when "they have some questions."
:{{DIcon}} You haven't told us what difficulty you've encountered.
::'''Banu:''' R&mdash;Really? P&mdash;Please give me a second. I'll look up what to recite when "you haven't told them what difficulty you've encountered."
:{{Black Screen|The girl takes out a book titled 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know from her pocket and anxiously leafs through it.}}
:'''Banu:''' *sigh* It doesn't say anything about that. But [[Shalmar]] told me I can just check the book when there's a problem...
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's still confused... But by the looks of things, you need our help, right?
:'''Paimon:''' If the book can't help you, you can just tell us what's going on in your own words, y'know?
:'''Banu:''' Hmm, alright! I'm Banu and I came here following the map to look for the Future Stars. There are altogether six of them!
:'''Banu:''' Whoever finds all the Future Stars can summon the Great Future Star, which is super duper amazing! And that's exactly my goal here.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, Paimon remembers that you did mention something about the Future Stars earlier.
:'''Banu:''' Yes. Well, that's about it for the Future Star's setting.
:{{DIcon}} Setting?
::'''Banu:''' Yup. Compared to the ones I usually read about, this setting is pretty easy to understand. But it's also less fun since it's a little too easy.
::{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} Which book is that in?
::'''Banu:''' Hmm... I think this setting was just made up.
::{{DIcon}} ...
:'''Banu:''' Well, then I thought the setting was too vague considering it never talked about how to find the Future Stars. So to make up for that, I came up with a supplementary setting.
:{{Black Screen|The girl pulls out a strange object from the grass behind her.}}
:'''Banu:''' Ta-da! This is... "Banu's Wisdom," yes, that's the name! It's a very important item because it can help you locate the Future Stars. Isn't that impressive? Hehe.
:'''Banu:''' I think it's a really cool name too, don't you think? Unfortunately, it's way too tall and heavy for me to move it around. So it became less cool...
:'''Banu:''' This is the favor I'm asking. You should be able to move it, so can you help me find the Future Stars with it? After summoning the Great Future Star, I'll reward you in a big way!
:{{DIcon}} Is that your request?
:{{DIcon}} I'll think about it.
:'''Banu:''' Before I met you, I had also asked others for help. But when they heard about the Future Stars, they just gave me weird looks and didn't want to listen to me anymore.
:'''Banu:''' They even told me to stop fussing around and go back home to my parents. That's so annoying! I'm not some runaway kid up to mischief!
:'''Banu:''' Adults are always like this. Just because I'm a child, they think I'm talking nonsense.
:'''Banu:''' But the Future Stars are real! I'm not imagining things. You'll see that I'm not lying once you take this... uh... "Banu's Wisdom" with you and go look for the Stars!
:'''Banu:''' If you're not willing to help either, *sigh* I'll just have to wait and see if the next person I meet is willing to listen and accept my request...
:{{DIcon}} Okay, I'll see what I can do.
:'''Banu:''' You believe me! Thank you! And please take this "Banu's Wisdom" with you.
:'''Banu:''' Remember, after it runs for a while, "Banu's Wisdom" will need to rest a bit before it can point you to the location of the Future Stars again.
:'''Banu:''' Oh, and take this book, 50 Things Every Traveling Scholar Should Know! I've marked the location of the Stars on the map in this book. So you may follow that map first.
:'''Banu:''' Come back to me once you find all six Future Stars. Then we can go check the Great Future Star out together! I'll take you there.
:;(Obtain [[Banu's Wisdom]])
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Where the Future Stars Fall
|zhs     = 未来星坠落的地方
|zhs_rm  = Wèilái-xīng Zhuìluò de Dìfāng
|zht     = 未來星墜落的地方
|zht_rm  = Wèilái-xīng Zhuìluò de Dìfāng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 未来星が落ちし場所
|ja_rm   = Mirai Hoshi ga Ochishi Basho
|ja_tl   = Where the Future Stars Fall
|ko      = 미래의 별이 추락한 곳
|ko_rm   = Mirae-ui Byeori Churakan Got
|ko_tl   = The Place Where the Star of Future Fall
|es      = Donde caen las estrellas del porvenir
|es_tl   = Where the Future Stars Fall
|fr      = Où tombent les étoiles du futur
|fr_tl   = Where the Future Stars Fall
|ru      = Где падают звёзды будущего
|ru_tl   = Where the Future Stars Fall
|th      = สถานที่ซึ่งดวงดาวแห่งอนาคตร่วงหล่น
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nơi Ngôi Sao Tương Lai Rơi Xuống
|vi_tl   = Where the Future Stars Fall
|de      = Wo die Sterne der Zukunft fallen
|de_tl   = Where the Stars of Future Fall
|id      = Tempat Jatuhnya Bintang Masa Depan
|id_tl   = The Place Where the Future Stars Fall
|pt      = Onde as Estrelas do Futuro Caem
|pt_tl   = Where the Future Stars Fall
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[es:Donde caen las estrellas del porvenir]]
[[pt-br:Onde as Estrelas do Futuro Caem]]
[[ru:Где падают звёзды будущего]]