{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|image         = World Quest Where Once Force Was Reversed.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = Chronicler of the Crumbling City
|part          = 2c
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Little One; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Heart of Force Inversion]], [[Ancient Sacred Mountain]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Ancient Sacred Mountain
|subarea       = Heart of Force Inversion
|prev          = 
|parent        = In Search of a Hidden Heart
|next          = 
|concurrent    = Where Once There Was a Calculation Array
|concurrent2   = Where Once There Were Arms Aplenty
|rewards       = Phlogiston Unit*1
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Where Once Force Was Reversed''''' is part of the {{Quest|Chronicler of the Crumbling City}}.

==Steps==
# Clear the [[Abyss]]al corrosion in this area
#* Defeat the enemies accosting the [[Secret Source Servant]]: {{Enemy List|Pyro Abyss Mage*2}}<!-- exquisite chest -->
#* Destroy the [[Oozing Core]]s

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest can be started by progressing to a certain point in ''[[In Search of a Hidden Heart]]'' or by defeating the Pyro Abyss Mages in step 1.
* Completing this quest rewards 1 Luxurious Chest, 1 Exquisite Chest, and 1 Common Chest.
* The final solidified pillar connects to the lava pool just north of the [[Sea of Shifting Sentience]] (one map layer higher). There is a [[Pyroculus]] located partway up.

==Dialogue==
{{Stub Dialogue|Check for conditional dialogue.<!-- 
Current dialogue is for: 
- Natlan Act V completed.
- Both major little one quests completed.
- All tribal chronicles completed.
--><br>Add talk-again lines.<br>Add open-world lines.}}
{{Quest Description|In order to uncover a path to the [[Heart of the Sacred Mountain]], it appears you must cleanse the Abyss that is corrupting the ancient ruins...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(After defeating the Pyro Abyss Mages)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr... Rawr!
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... Good thing {{Little One}} was here to dig up the Secret Source Servants...
:'''Paimon:''' Eh? Where's this Secret Source Servant headed?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's a little worried... Maybe we should tag along and see?
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(After landing on the patch of solid Phlogiston)<!-- dialogue takes a sec to trigger -->
:'''Paimon:''' Ahh! That scared the daylights out of Paimon... She thought we'd fall straight into the [[liquid Phlogiston]]...
:'''Paimon:''' Where the heck did this massive chunk of [[solid Phlogiston]] come from? Did the Secret Source Servant do this?
:;(The waterfall of liquid Phlogiston solidifies)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, so even waterfalls can be turned solid...
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, Paimon can't believe the Abyss's influence made it all the way here. Let's climb up there and clean up!

;(Partway up the waterfall)
:'''Paimon:''' Those cowards! They're tossing mud balls down from where we can't hit 'em back!

;(Reach the top of the waterfall)
:'''Paimon:''' Solidified liquid Phlogiston is blocking the water channel... If only we could use magma to burn the icky black mud away...

;(Approach the Oozing Cores)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa... We're being blocked by those big purple mud balls again...

;(Destroy the Oozing Cores)
:'''Paimon:''' Awesome! Bye-bye, blockade!
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, there's another waterfall here, although this one's kinda weird...
:'''Paimon:''' Why's the liquid Phlogiston flowing upwards? Ugh, anyway, let's do it like before...
:'''Paimon:''' Let's find something to turn this waterfall into solid Phlogiston!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(Follow Little One)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, over there! There's a Secret Source Servant... Hey, is it stranded?
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, when {{Little One}} steps on a stone, it goes down and makes the other one rise up...

;(Step on the same stone as Little One, optional)
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rrroar...
:'''Paimon:''' Nooope, that's not enough... We need to find some way to make it heavier...

;(Step on the same stone as Little One while [[indwelling]] a [[Tepetlisaurus]])
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, now the Secret Source Servant can help us make that waterfall into a water-stop!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Rawr!

;(Reach the top of the next waterfall)
:'''Paimon:''' Of course this place is packed with mud balls... Those are the bad guys who pelted us with mud just now!
:'''Paimon:''' Payback time! Let's get 'em!
:'''{{Little One}}:''' Roo, rawr!

;(Destroy all of the Oozing Cores)
:;(A new waterfall forms in the center of the pool, flowing upwards towards the sky)
:;(The [[Traveler]] activates the [[Tutorial/Coagulation Pearl|Coagulation Pearl]], causing the waterfall to solidify)
:'''Paimon:''' So, it's solidified into a huge pillar...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, look! There's light coming out from underneath it...

;(Investigate the marked location)
:;(Obtain {{Item|Phlogiston Unit}})
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Where Once Force Was Reversed
|zhs      = 昔时逆转力向之处
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 昔時逆轉力向之處
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = かつて力が逆さまになった地
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 한때 힘이 역행했던 곳
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = El antiguo lugar donde se revirtió la fuerza
|es_tl    = The Ancient Place Where Force Was Reversed
|fr       = Où autrefois la force était inversée
|fr_tl    = Where Once Force Was Reversed
|ru       = Где некогда сила обернулась вспять
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = สถานที่ที่เคยเป็นของ Reversed
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Nơi Nghịch Chuyển Sức Mạnh Xa Xưa
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wo die Kraft einst umgekehrt wurde
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Ketika Kekuatan Dibalik
|id_tl    = When the Force Was Reversed
|pt       = Onde a Força Já Fora Revertida
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bir Zamanlar Gücün Tersine Döndüğü Yer
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Dove un tempo c'era la forza invertita
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.5}}