{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 79020
|image         = Event Quest Where the Treasure Dwells.png
|type          = World
|chapter       = The Treasure of the Four Skerries
|summary       = <!-- editor written summary. quest description goes to dialogue -->
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Golden Apple Archipelago]]
|region        = Golden Apple Archipelago
|concurrent    = Treasure Clue: Broken Isle
|concurrent2   = Treasure Clue: Minacious Isle
|concurrent3   = Treasure Clue: Pudding Isle
|concurrent4   = Treasure Clue: Twinning Isle
|exp           = 300
|mora          = 30,000
|primogems     = 40
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|3}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|3}}
|event_name    = Summertime Odyssey
}}
'''Where the Treasure Dwells''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Summertime Odyssey]] Event. This quest is automatically obtained after opening the [[Chest]] at the end of either [[Treasure Clue: Broken Isle]], [[Treasure Clue: Minacious Isle]], [[Treasure Clue: Pudding Isle]], or [[Treasure Clue: Twinning Isle]], along with the other three quests in the series.

==Steps==
# Collect the four parts of the clues to the treasure (1/4)<!--quest is only obtained after getting 1 clue-->
# Talk to Paimon
# Find the place where the treasure is buried
#* Investigate the bubble within a group of whirlpools
# Go to the place where the treasure is buried and claim it
# Talk to Paimon

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It seems that pirates have hidden treasure in the Golden Apple Archipelago and divided the clues up into four parts. Recover all the clues and find that treasure!}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Opening the first chest)
:'''Paimon:''' Let Paimon see! Hmm... This looks like it might be some kind of treasure map.
:'''Paimon:''' Heh! Paimon's never wrong when she's on the scent of treasure!
:'''Paimon:''' Huh, it seems like "[[Ako Domeki]] and company" were the ones who left this picture behind. Feels like we've heard that one before, y'know?
:'''Paimon:''' Also, look at this! "The treasure is hidden..." See? There's treasure to be had, alright!
:'''Paimon:''' Let's keep reading... "... Was split into four parts..."
:'''Paimon:''' So they split something into four parts, huh?
:{{DIcon}} So there's four treasures?
:{{DIcon}} So there's four clues?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon's not... super sure?
:'''Paimon:''' But whatever the case, it says here that something was "placed amidst the reefs of the four large islands." That should refer to the reefs on the four islands of the Golden Apple Archipelago.
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, isn't this one of those reefs?
:{{DIcon}} Hmm, that means there must be four clues...
:'''Paimon:''' And they should be close to the reefs on the four islands!
:'''Paimon:''' Hmmm, that's gotta refer to the four biggest ones in the archipelago, right?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's give the other three islands a shot and see what we can find!
----
;(After obtaining all 4 clues)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that makes four clues gained...
:'''Paimon:''' ...Uhh, Paimon can't tell where this treasure is supposed to be hidden at all...
:'''Paimon:''' What does this "radius" and "center" stuff mean, anyway?
:{{DIcon}} It just means that we need to use the circles as a reference...
:{{DIcon}} They mean the center of the circles...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, is that it? Then we just need to draw four circles on the map and... uh, actually, how long is a "large boat-length"?
:{{DIcon}} Let's take reference from some ships we've seen before...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah, we could probably refer to the big ships we've seen in the harbor... Hmm...

:'''Paimon draws four circles on the map as instructed.'''

;(Show [[A Complete Chart of Ako's Treasure]])
:'''Paimon:''' Ooh, there's our four circles now. So the treasure is where all four circles overlap, huh?
:'''Paimon:''' Aaaand that's the spot!

;(Approach the area indicated by the chart)
:'''Paimon:''' This is the spot! Look at this huge bubble... Hmm, but where's the treasure?
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go have a look, (Traveler).

;(Interact with the bubble)
:'''Paimon:''' Whoa, all these stairs just appeared right outta nowhere... Is our treasure hidden at the top?

;(Open the Luxurious Chest)
:'''Paimon:''' So this is the treasure left by Ako Domeki and his crew? Hmm... But could they really have left the treasure here of all places back then?
:'''Paimon:''' It seems kinda weird no matter how you look at it...
:{{DIcon}} Not to mention the mountains on Pudding Isle...
:{{DIcon}} Not to mention the Captain Night Raven on Twinning Isle...
:'''Paimon:''' Yeah! Didn't those only appear because of the machine? Could they really have hidden this treasure, then?
:{{DIcon}} Perhaps the treasure itself wanted to be found...
:'''Paimon:''' Y'know, you've got a point. Maybe the wish of those who buried the treasure, that someone should find it someday, was affected by the machine...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, whatever the case, it's ours now!
{{Dialogue end}}
==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/crqRTKYBZag
|caption1 = Guide: Where the Treasure Dwells 
}}
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Where the Treasure Dwells
|zhs     = 秘宝所藏
|zhs_rm  = Mìbǎo Suǒ Cáng
|zht     = 秘寶所藏
|zht_rm  = Mìbǎo Suǒ Cáng
|zh_tl   = Where the Secret Treasure Hides
|ja      = 宝の在り処
|ja_rm   = Takara no Arika
|ja_tl   = Treasure's Hiding Spot
|ko      = 보물이 있는 곳
|ko_rm   = Bomuri Inneun Got
|ko_tl   = The Place Where Treasure Exists
|es      = El escondite del tesoro
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Là où gît le trésor
|fr_tl   = Where the Treasure Lies
|ru      = Где же сокровище
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ที่ซ่อนสมบัติลับ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nơi Chôn Kho Báu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wo der Schatz versteckt liegt
|de_tl   = Where the Treasure Lies Hidden
|id      = Di Mana Lokasi Tersembunyi, Di Situ Harta Menanti
|id_tl   = In the Hidden Location, There the Treasure Awaits
|pt      = Onde o Tesouro Reside
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}