{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 19083
|image         = Hangout Event While the Millelith Stands Guard.png
|type          = Story
|group         = Hangout Event
|chapter       = Noelle
|actNum        = II
|act           = Knightly Exam Prep
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], reach [[Adventure Rank]] 26, and spend 2 [[Story Key]]s
|next          = 
|characters    = Noelle; Sha'yin; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''While the Millelith Stands Guard''' is a quest in [[Noelle]]'s [[Hangout Event]] Act II: [[Knightly Exam Prep]].

==Steps==
# Head to the dock
# Head near Stone Gate
# Talk to [[Sha'yin]]
# Head to the location to stand guard
# Stop the Treasure Hoarders from escaping
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Pyro Potioneer|x=1}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Handyman|x=3}}
#* {{Enemy|Treasure Hoarders: Gravedigger|x=4}}
# Talk to Noelle
# Head to the place Noelle wants to go

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Noelle is mistaken for a Knight of Favonius several times over the course of the trip. After things have calmed down a little, you decide to see what Noelle could learn from the Millelith down by the harbor.<br />Down at the dock, you and Noelle meet Sha'yin, a Millelith seeking the assistance of the Knights of Favonius. You follow him to Stone Gate to help with the arrest of some Treasure hoarders on the Run.<br />It seems that Noelle wants to spend some quality time with you before you both head back to Mondstadt.}}
===Crook-Catching Commission===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 01.ogg}} '''???:''' While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail. Wow, it's good to finally meet you two.
:{{DIcon}} You've been looking for us?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Yes. Word is that a Knight of Favonius has appeared in Liyue. That's why I came to have a look. I never expected that one of you would be the honored guest of the Qixing. And the other one...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 03.ogg}} '''???:''' ...Must be the rumored Knight of Favonius.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, um... Sorry, I am not yet a Knight...
:{{DIcon}} Here's the situation...

:'''You explain the situation to the Millelith...'''

:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 04.ogg}} '''???:''' I see, I see. Please excuse me for the misunderstanding.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 05.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Allow me to introduce myself first. My name is Sha'yin, a Millelith responsible for garrison and patrol duties.
:{{DIcon}} I am (Traveler), a traveler.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' And I am Noelle, maid of the Knights of Favonius... Of course, I am not yet an official Knight.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 06.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Understood. Allow me to apologize on behalf of all the residents of this area for the misunderstanding earlier.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' It's no big deal. More importantly &mdash; is there a reason why you were looking for a Knight of Favonius? May I be of any assistance?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 07.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Well... Let me fill you in. I just received some intel that a group of Treasure Hoarders, originally from Mondstadt, has shown up in this area recently.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 08.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' According to the intel, they have set up camp near Stone Gate. If we act too rashly and let them escape back to Mondstadt, then it will be difficult for the Millelith to continue pursuing them.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 09.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' That's why I was hoping the Knight of Favonius could join me in the arrest, so we could act as each others' witnesses. But it seems like this is easier said than done...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I'm sorry... If only I could have passed the selection exam earlier...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 10.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Uhh... If I submitted an official request for assistance to the Knights of Favonius, all I would achieve is to buy the Treasure Hoarders time to plan their escape... Might I ask if there are any other Knights of Favonius in Liyue Harbor at present?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Hmm, any other Knights in Liyue... Oh! Of course! If it's a knight you need, well, there's one right here!
:{{DIcon}} Now you mention it... I am technically an Honorary Knight.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 11.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' An honored guest of the Qixing, and an Honorary Knight, too... Well, if someone who's independently a hero in two different nations is willing to lend me a hand, I can't exactly do better than that... It's just that...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 12.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' ...I feel a little ashamed calling on a hero who defeats ancient gods to assist with something so trivial.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Wait, so... (Traveler), as well as Stormterror... you defeated an ancient god, too?
:{{DIcon}} It's honestly no trouble.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 13.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Then I am truly honored! Please excuse me while I catch up with my comrades stationed at Stone Gate. I will confirm the details of the arrest with them. Whenever the two of you are ready, please come and find me there.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908301 shayin 14.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Let's rendezvous shortly. While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail.

;(Head near Stone Gate)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908302 shayin 01.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail. Thank you both for your help. We've confirmed the location of the Treasure Hoarders and we will move out shortly.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908302 shayin 02.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' In case any of them slip through our grasp and try to escape to Mondstadt, we will need someone to guard this path.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908302 shayin 03.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' As I said earlier, it would not be appropriate for the Millelith to take action here, so I will have to rely on you two.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908302 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Um... Though I am not a Knight of Favonius yet... May I still help in some capacity?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908302 shayin 04.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Oh, I only asked the Honorary Knight here to act as a witness. There are no specific restrictions over how the arrest is carried out. So please, there's no need to feel apprehensive about your involvement.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908302 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' If that's the case, I... I shall be glad to help to the fullest extend that I am able.
:{{DIcon}} I'll help too.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908302 shayin 05.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Then I will meet up with my comrades first. If the Treasure Hoarders try to escape, they will have to pass through here. So, I am counting on you two.

;(Head to the location to stand guard)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908303 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Um... (Traveler), would you mind... letting me handle this mission?
:{{DIcon}} Noelle, you want to guard this place by yourself?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908303 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes... If it hadn't been for you, I would not have been able to participate.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908303 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' As expected, compared to the Honorary Knight, I still have a long way to go...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908303 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But I still want to do everything within my ability to share the load!
:{{DIcon}} I will stand by and watch. Try not to push yourself too hard.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908303 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' As you wish! Then, leave it all to me!

;(Treasure Hoarders appear)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908303 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Ah, they're coming already! Facing them alone... Do I have what it takes?

;(After defeating opponents)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I did it... I actually did it!
:{{DIcon}} Because you have what it takes.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' No... It's all because of your encouragement... Otherwise, I...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 shayin 01.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Thank you! We've successfully detained all the Treasure Hoarders who tried to escape through here.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 shayin 02.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' We've double checked the numbers against the intel we were given, and it looks like none of then escaped. ...Small wonder that you are the honored guest of the Qixing and Mondstadt's Honorary Knight...
:{{DIcon}} I actually did nothing.
:{{DIcon}} Noelle took care of it all.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 shayin 03.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Oh? It was Miss Noelle who defeated the Treasure Hoarders? Thank you so much!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Y&mdash;You're quite welcome!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' To be of help to you, Sir, and to the Millelith... It is my great honor.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 shayin 04.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' You are too humble. I hear from the merchants that the Knights of Favonius of Mondstadt are both highly skilled and only too willing to rescue people in the direst of situations.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 shayin 05.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' With the skills and integrity you've shown, it's no wonder that the residents of Chihu Rock mistook you for a real knight.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Sadly they are quite mistaken! I am still far from becoming a real knight...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 shayin 06.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' Heh, then I sincerely look forward to seeing you in action in the future, after you do become a real knight.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 shayin 07.ogg}} '''Sha'yin:''' It's getting late. I should escort these Treasure Hoarders back. While the Millelith stands guard, evil shall never prevail. Hope to meet you both again.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Goodbye, Mr. Sha'yin!
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' A real knight... How much longer until I become worthy of this title...?
:{{DIcon}} We should probably head back, too.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Oh, you're right... Wow, the time flew by so quickly...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Is it really time to go back already?
:{{DIcon}} Noelle?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Apologies, I know that this is a lot to ask, but...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But could you... spend a little longer with me?
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908304 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I still have somewhere that I'd like to visit.

;(Head to the place Noelle wants to go)
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 01.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' This is the place.
:{{DIcon}} So you wanted to visit a tea stall.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 02.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' That's right. I often make tea for the Knights of Favonius, so I wanted to come here and see what I can learn.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 03.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' (Traveler), would you care to join me for some tea?
:{{DIcon}} Of course.

:'''You and Noelle enjoy some of Liyue's tea together...'''

:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 04.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' *blowing* ...Liyue's tea is certainly different from that of Mondstadt.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 05.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Both the taste and the consistency are different, but the warm and soothing sense it brings me as I drink it... That feels the same.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 06.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' When I read about the Knights of Favonius and the Millelith in books, their rules and philosophies seem to different...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 07.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But it seems the desire to protect one's own people is the same everywhere.
:{{DIcon}} Whether in Mondstadt or Liyue, everyone just wants to have a better future.
:{{DIcon}} And whether by Anemo or Geo, people will seek to protect what is most important.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 08.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' Yes, deep down, people everywhere are the same...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 09.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' (Traveler), I don't think I'm so afraid of my exam anymore.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 10.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' I know I still have a long way to go compared to the Honorary Knight &mdash; listening to your stories is like reading about myths and legends...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 11.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' But still... This motivates me to work harder and look forward even more to the day when it finally comes...
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 12.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' ...The day that I can fight side by side with you as a knight.
:{{A|vo noecop002 1908305 noelle 13.ogg}} '''Noelle:''' (Traveler), let's come back to Liyue again... after my exam is over.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Ending: Rest Amidst the Rocks===
{{Hangout Ending
|ending name     = Rest Amidst the Rocks
|character       = Noelle
|act             = 2
|description     = Wherever a Knight may go, the resolve to defend others goes with them.
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = While the Millelith Stands Guard
|zhs     = 千岩牢固
|zhs_rm  = Qiānyán Láogù
|zht     = 千岩牢固
|zht_rm  = Qiānyán Láogù
|zh_tl   = Millelith Solid and Secure
|zh_note = {{Lang|mini=1|zh=千岩|zh_rm=qiānyán|zh_lit=thousand stone}}.
|ja      = 千岩牢固
|ja_rm   = Sengan Rouko
|ja_tl   = Immovable Millelith
|ko      = 귀신 잡는 천암군
|ko_rm   = Gwisin Jamneun Cheonamgun
|ko_tl   = Ghost Busters Millelith
|ko_note = Korean version name "귀신 잡는 천암군" was motivated from "귀신 잡는 해병대 (Gwisin Jamneun Haebyeongdae/Ghost Busters Marine Corps)" which was one of nickname of Korean Republic Marine Corps.
|es      = La tenacidad de la Geoarmada
|es_tl   = The Tenacity of the Geonavy
|fr      = Ténacité du Millelithe
|fr_tl   = Tenacity of the Millelith
|ru      = Пока Миллелиты на страже города
|ru_tl   = While the Millelith Guards the City
|th      = Tenacity of the Millelith
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Thiên Nham Vững Chắc
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Zähigkeit der Millelithen
|de_tl   = Milleliths' Toughness
|id      = Kegigihan Millelith
|id_tl   = Tenacity of the Millelith
|pt      = Millelith Firmes
|pt_tl   = Firm Millelith
|tr      = Taşordu Nöbet Tuttuğu Sürece
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Sotto lo sguardo dei Milleliti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}