{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20036
|image         = Commission Whispers in the Wind.png
|type          = Commission
|region        = Mondstadt
|npc           = Glory
|description   = 
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Glory; Traveler
|next          = Long Distance Love
|other         = 
*Part of a storyline with [[Long Distance Love]]. Rewards the achievement [[For the Love of Godwin]] after completing 5 times.
*AR-Dependent Rewards
*Additional Rewards:
{{Card|Apple|9}}
}}
'''Whispers in the Wind''' is a daily [[commission]] that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].
==Steps==
#Talk to [[Glory]]
#Find three [[Dandelion Seed]]s (this step is skipped if the player has enough Dandelion Seeds in his/her inventory)
#Give the Dandelion Seeds to Glory
#Go to the top of the Anemo Archon statue and scatter the Dandelion Seeds
#Talk to Glory

==Notes==
*Completing this commission 5 times rewards the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[For the Love of Godwin]]." Progress can be checked through the Achievements, Wonders of the World menu.
*In previous versions, a bug existed where giving Dandelion Seeds directly from the player inventory instead of collecting new ones would not make the commission count towards the achievement. While it has been fixed, players who experienced this bug did not have their achievement progress updated to reflect past completions.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|full}}

Glory will additionally give the player 9 [[Apple]]s upon completing the commission.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Glory]] misses her boyfriend who went on a long journey. She's looking for a way to carry her words to him.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Glory''': ...[[Godwin]]... When will you return...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Hi...
:'''Glory''': I know that voice&mdash; Why, if it isn't the Traveler from afar! Thanks be the great Anemo Archon, for he surely sent the wind to guide you to this place... I have a request for you.
:'''Glory''': My&mdash; um, boyfriend, Godwin &mdash; He's in the Knights of Favonius you know &mdash; he left the city ages ago and he still hasn't come back.
:'''Glory''': I haven't heard a single word from him since he's been gone.
:'''Glory''': I'm so worried about him. Poor Godwin, what if he runs into those nasty hilichurls? Or, or he also said they're at war with the Abyss Order, what if he gets injured? And... and now he's been away so long, what if he takes a liking to one of the pretty knight girls...
:'''Glory''': ...Argh, sorry! Sorry, I&mdash;I'm getting carried away. My mother always tells me that dandelions can carry people's heart's desires far away to a distant place.
:'''Glory''': So, my request is... could you collect three Dandelion Seeds from Windrise for me?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Glory''': Thank you ever so much! May the Anemo Archon protect you.
:{{DIcon}} I have more important things to do.
::'''Glory''': Wait! I beg you, please help me. Surely this should be a piece of cake for a seasoned Traveler like you...
----
;(After you collected the Dandelion Seeds)
:'''Glory''': Welcome back, did you get my Dandelion Seeds?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Yes.
:'''Glory''': Thank you! Can you please place them into my hand? I can't see, and I'll lose them otherwise.
:{{DIcon}} Will these be enough?
:'''Glory''': Could you place them into my hand? That's the only way I can tell.
:'''Glory''': This is enough. Now to tell them everything I want to say to Godwin...
:'''Glory''': ...Erm, cover your ears please. No eavesdropping! These are private words shared between lovers. You know... *giggle* You must have had a similar experience before?
:'''Glory''': Okay, I'm done. Now, take these to the top of the Anemo Archon statue and release them into the wind. The great archon himself will take them from there.
:'''Glory''': I hope He will guide them to Godwin.
----
;(After you scattered the Dandelion Seeds)
:'''Glory''': Did you do it?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} It was so windy up there...
:'''Glory''': Good, that's what we want. That way the Dandelion Seeds can travel far away.
:'''Glory''': Maybe they really will reach Godwin after all, and pass on what I want to say to him.
:'''Glory''': Give me your hand... Here, take these. There are to say thank you.
:'''Glory''': There is still so much more I want to say to Godwin. I may need your help again in future.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Whispers in the Wind
|zhs     = 愿风带走思念
|zhs_rm  = Yuàn Fēng Dàizǒu Sīniàn
|zht     = 願風帶走思念
|zht_rm  = Yuàn Fēng Dàizǒu Sīniàn
|zh_tl   = May the Wind Carry [My] Yearning Away
|ja      = 思いを風に
|ja_rm   = Omoi wo Kaze ni
|ja_tl   = Feelings into the Wind
|ko      = 바람이 그리움을 전해주길
|ko_rm   = Baram-i Geuri'um-eul Jeonhaejugil
|ko_tl   = Wish the Wind Delivers Longing
|es      = Lo que el viento se llevó
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Emporté par le vent
|fr_tl   = Carried away by the Wind
|ru      = Ветер воспоминаний уносит тоску
|ru_tl   = The Wind of Memories Carries Away the Love-Sickness
|ru_note = {{Lang|mini=1|ru=Тоска|ru_rm=Toska}} is an extremely complicated word in the Russian language.<br /><br />"No single word in English renders all the shades of ''toska''.<br />At its deepest and most painful, it is a sensation of great spiritual anguish, often without any specific cause.<br />At less morbid levels, it is a dull ache of the soul, a longing with nothing to long for, a sick pining, a vague restlessness, mental throes, yearning.<br />In particular cases, it may be the desire for somebody or something specific, nostalgia, love-sickness.<br />At the lowest level, it grades into ennui, boredom."<br />&mdash;{{w|Vladimir Nabokov}}, the author of ''{{w|Lolita}}
|th      = เสียงกระซิบในสายลม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = Whispers in the Wind
|vi      = Mong Gió Đem Nỗi Nhớ Đi
|vi_tl   = Hope the Wind Carries the Feelings of Missing You
|de      = Gedanken im Wind
|de_tl   = Thoughts in the Wind
|id      = Angin Membawa Rindu
|id_tl   = Wind deliver longing
|pt      = Levado pelo Vento
|pt_tl   = Taken by the Wind
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Mondstadt|In Series}}

[[es:Lo que el viento se llevó]]
[[pt-br:Levado pelo Vento]]
[[fr:Emporté par le vent]]