{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75507
|image         = Event Quest Whither Shall a Member of a Secret Organization Go?.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = Attempt all challenges<!-- do you even need to start the challenge? -->
|characters    = Helka; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = <!-- N/A -->
|prev          = Why Did a Member of a "Secret Organization" Come Here?
|rewards       = Helka's Notes*1;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
|event_name    = On the Trail of Behemoths
}}
'''''Whither Shall a Member of a "Secret Organization" Go?''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[On the Trail of Behemoths]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the client

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've completed the commission, but some questions remain...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to [[Helka]])
:'''Helka:''' Thank you, {{Traveler}}, Paimon. I couldn't have completed my task without your help.
:{{DIcon}} Will you let me join your organization now?
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, you actually wanna join, don't you?
:'''Helka:''' Hmm... Your age might complicate things somewhat, but the real issue is that I've gotta hear what the others think. If all votes say yea... Well, it's not as if there's no precedent for this.
:'''Helka:''' If you ever find yourself in [[Nod-Krai]], hit up the "Speranza" in [[Nasha Town]]. [[Katya]]'s not one of us, but she's a trustworthy sort. She'll help you out.
:'''Paimon:''' Sure. Speaking of, you were taking all those photos and drawing in your notebook while {{Traveler}} was fighting. It all looked pretty professional!
:{{DIcon}} Not trying to secretly study my fighting style, I hope...
:{{DIcon}} Are you an artist doing sketches, or a director shooting a film reel, by any chance?
:'''Helka:''' Hmm... Well, I suppose I can tell you. My task is to collect information on 100 monster varieties. Thanks to you, my Natlan and [[Fontaine]] series are all squared away.
:'''Helka:''' Next up, I've got to head to [[Sumeru]], where I'll likely hire some [[Eremites]]. That said, I should remember to send the illustrated handbook I've made back to Nasha Town.
:'''Paimon:''' Wow, so you're making some sort of monster index?
:'''Helka:''' Indeed. There's no monster in Nod-Krai that I don't know, so I decided to get acquainted with those from further afield.
:'''Helka:''' [[Maisie]]'s a timid girl, but she loves hearing stories about these monsters. You should see her every time I give her a newly-made handbook of mine &mdash; she's pleased as pie!
:'''Helka:''' Shame that her constitution's too frail for travel, though, or I'd have brought her along. Plus, Katya's also said that if I produce a good enough book, I might even be able to get myself published.
:'''Helka:''' Now, I'd love to give Maisie a real surprise &mdash; take a copy of my newly-published handbook, hide it under her pillow, and... *cough* Ahem. Sorry, I got a bit distracted there.
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe, you sure do care about your friends, don'cha?
:'''Helka:''' Friends, huh... I'd say they're more like family, even though we're not related by blood. *sigh* Let's not dwell on things like that!
:'''Helka:''' Oh, right! Let me give you a copy of my handbook, too. Now, I need to keep a copy of the pictures and send them to Maisie, so, as for your copy...
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I know a thing or two about photography too.
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry, I can see these monsters anytime I want.
:'''Helka:''' That's great, then. I should be setting off for my next destination, so I'll probably head out sometime over the next few days.
:'''Paimon:''' Safe travels!
:'''Helka:''' You too. Best of luck in your travels!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Whither Shall a Member of a "Secret Organization" Go?
|zhs      = 「秘密组织」的成员将要去向何方
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 「秘密組織」的成員將要去向何方
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 「秘密組織」の目指す場所？
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 「비밀 조직」의 행방
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¿Cuál es el destino de los miembros de la organización secreta?
|es_tl    = What is the Fate of the Members of the Secret Organization?
|fr       = Où est passé le membre de l'organisation secrète ?
|fr_tl    = Where Did the Member of the Secret Organization Go?
|ru       = Куда направятся члены тайной организации?
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = สมาชิกของ "องค์กรลับ" จะไปที่แห่งไหน
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Thành Viên "Tổ Chức Bí Mật" Sẽ Đi Về Đâu?
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wohin führt wohl der Weg des Mitglieds der geheimen Organisation?
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Ke Manakah Anggota "Organisasi Rahasia" Akan Bertolak?
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Aonde Irá o Membro da Organização Secreta?
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = "Gizli Organizasyon" Üyeleri Nereye Gider?
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Dove mai potrebbe andare un membro di "un'organizzazione segreta"?
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[ru:Куда направятся члены тайной организации?]]
[[pt-br:Aonde Irá o Membro da Organização Secreta?]]