{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 75658
|image         = Event Quest Why Did a Member of a Secret Organization Come Here?.png
|type          = World
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Helka; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Tequemecan Valley]], [[Natlan]]
|region        = Natlan
|area          = Tequemecan Valley
|subarea       = <!-- N/A -->
|next          = Whither Shall a Member of a "Secret Organization" Go?
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[On the Trail of Behemoths]] event
|event_name    = On the Trail of Behemoths
}}
'''''Why Did a Member of a "Secret Organization" Come Here?''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[On the Trail of Behemoths]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to the client

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You've received a mysterious commission from an "organization whose details may not be disclosed" at the Adventurers' Guild. Specifically, you are to assist the client in completing data collection work on a series of giant monsters, including the [[Secret Source Automaton: Configuration Device]], [[Legatus Golem]], [[Hydro Tulpa]], and [[Emperor of Fire and Iron]]. It seems that this might just be a toughie...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Helka)
:'''Paimon:''' Huh? Didn't the Guild say that this was a super-tough quest commissioned by an "organization whose details may not be disclosed"? Why's the client a little kid?
:'''Helka:''' {{Traveler}} and Paimon, I presume? Nice to meet you both. I'm your client, Helka. I trust you've been informed about the details of this commission?
:'''Helka:''' In short, I need help gathering information on giant monsters, including combat-related performance data. I look forward to working with you two.
:'''Paimon:''' Sure! Leave it to us... Hang on a sec, we haven't been introduced &mdash; how do you know who we are?
:'''Helka:''' Considering the difficulty of this commission, the Adventurers' Guild was likely to pass this task on to seasoned adventurers with commensurate experience.
:'''Helka:''' And considering that duos consisting of a "golden-haired traveler and little white guide" are rare amongst these more famous candidates...
:'''Paimon:''' Ohh, so that's it. You might look like a kid, but you sure know a lot. You even talk kinda like an old...
:{{DIcon}} *cough* A more composed sort of kid.
:'''Paimon:''' Ah, yeah, that! Anyway, are you really our client? Also, this "organization whose details may not be disclosed" thing is kinda...
:'''Helka:''' I was indeed the one who issued that commission, and as for the "organization"... Well, [[Katya]] taught me to say that.
:'''Helka:''' Though I'm reluctant to admit this, an institution with murky origins is more likely to be taken seriously by the Guild than some child with no background to speak of.
:'''Helka:''' But the organization's existence, at least, is no lie. I am a part of it.
:'''Helka:''' I just told them what I thought they should know. As for what information they got from parsing my words... That's up to their imagination.
:{{DIcon}} Is this the sort of organization that occasionally throws parties?
::'''Paimon:''' Huh, so it's the kind of "secret organization" that has get-togethers with food... Wait, isn't that just a normal friends' club!?
:{{DIcon}} Wow, so it's a "secret club."
:'''Helka:''' That's right. I made an agreement with [[Maisie]] before I left that I wouldn't lie or cheat others, or do anything dangerous. I succeeded in both.
:'''Helka:''' Even when telling the truth, one can phrase things in a manner more advantageous to oneself &mdash; and with strong enough backing, even dangerous spaces can be made safe.
:'''Paimon:''' Are... are you sure that's how it works?
:'''Helka:''' Of course I am. If you're both ready, then, let us set off.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Why Did a Member of a "Secret Organization" Come Here?
|zhs      = 「秘密组织」的成员为什么来到这里
|zhs_rm   = 
|zht      = 「秘密組織」的成員為什麼來到這裡
|zht_rm   = 
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 「秘密組織」は何故ここに？
|ja_rm    = 
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 「비밀 조직」의 방문
|ko_tl    = 
|es       = ¿A qué ha venido el miembro de la organización secreta?
|es_tl    = For What Has the Member of the Secret Organization Come?
|fr       = Pourquoi un membre de l'organisation secrète est ici ?
|fr_tl    = Why Is a Member of the Secret Organization Here?
|ru       = Что здесь делают члены тайной организации?
|ru_tl    = 
|th       = ทำไมสมาชิกของ "องค์กรลับ" ถึงมาที่นี่ล่ะ?
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Tại Sao Thành Viên "Tổ Chức Bí Mật" Lại Đến Đây?
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Was hat eine geheime Organisation hierhergeführt?
|de_tl    = 
|id       = Kenapa Anggota "Organisasi Rahasia" Datang Ke Sini?
|id_tl    = 
|pt       = Por Que o Membro da Organização Secreta Está Aqui?
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = "Gizli Organizasyon" Üyesinin Burada Ne İşi Var?
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Perché un membro di "un'organizzazione segreta" è venuto qui?
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.3}}

[[ja:「秘密組織」は何故ここに？]]
[[ru:Что здесь делают члены тайной организации?]]
[[pt-br:Por Que o Membro da Organização Secreta Está Aqui?]]