{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Wicked Mage's Plumule.png
|set   = Nymph's Dream
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|This was once a decorative feather in someone's hat. Being dark green, it is quite eye-catching indeed.}}
'''Wicked Mage's Plumule''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Nymph's Dream]].

==Description==
Where there are heroes, there must be wicked mages, and where there are knights, there must be evil dragons.<br>
The hero would always wield a holy blade, while the mage might carry some kind of magical catalyst.<br>
In the interstice between adventures, when the heroes and mages and knights and fell dragons had yet to be born,<br>
They would always gaze upon the [[Green Feather Accessory|feather]] of an unknown bird species pinned to the [[Basil Elton|Vice Director]]'s hat.<br>
That feather must hold many stories within it, the little adventurers thought to themselves,<br>
And the Vice Director must have witnessed many tales, like an old heroine after her seclusion.<br>
Or why would even the Director, who had promised to procure the feather for us, never be able to take it off?

"Now, now, ██, ██, do get along. Don't fight."<br>
The two who would always play the [[Alain Guillotin|knight]] and the [[Rene|fell dragon]] nodded reluctantly.<br>
"And when I'm not around, ███, you'll take care of ███, won't you?"<br>
"The [[Lyris|Director]] and I will be back once we have finished attending to business, so don't go running outside."<br>
The Vice Director thought for a moment, and plucked the dark green feather from her hat before departing.<br>
"[[Jakob|You've]] wanted this for a while, haven't you, ███? Alright then. Here you go."<br>
"But I'm only giving this to you for safekeeping for a while, alright? I'll be quite cross if it gets dirty."

But in the end, this feather would never become the mystical staff used by some evil mage.<br>
It would instead follow its new owner and reach [[Gavireh Lajavard|the source]] of that which caused the calamity of parting, before returning to from [[Annapausis|whence it came]]...

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Wicked Mage's Plumule
|zhs      = 坏巫师的羽杖
|zhs_rm   = Huài Wūshī de Yǔzhàng
|zht      = 壞巫師的羽杖
|zht_rm   = Huài Wūshī de Yǔzhàng
|zh_tl    = 
|ja       = 悪しき魔法使いの羽杖
|ja_rm    = Ashiki Mahou Tsukai no Hadzue{{assumed}}
|ja_tl    = 
|ko       = 나쁜 마법사<->의 깃털 지팡이
|ko_tl    = Wicked Wizard's Feather Wand
|es       = Pluma del Brujo Maléfico
|es_tl    = Maleficent Warlock's Plume
|fr       = Plumule de mage malsain
|fr_tl    = Pernicious Mage's Plumule
|ru       = Перо злого мага
|ru_tl    = Wicked Mage's Feather
|th       = Wicked Mage's Plumule
|vi       = Lông Tơ Ác Phù Thủy
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Feder des bösen Magiers
|de_tl    = Feather of the Evil Mage
|id       = Wicked Mage's Plumule
|pt       = Pluma do Feiticeiro Maléfico
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Zalim Büyücünün Tüylü Asası
|tr_tl    = Evil Mage's Feathered Staff
|it       = Plumula del mago perfido
|it_tl    = Wicked Mage's Plumule
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Nymph's Dream}}

[[fr:Plumule de mage malsain]]
[[ja:悪しき魔法使いの羽杖]]
[[tr:Zalim Büyücünün Tüyü]]
[[uk:Перо нечестивого мага]]
[[vi:Lông Tơ Ác Phù Thủy]]
[[zh:壞巫師的羽杖]]