{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00376
|image         = Archon Quest C0A2 Wild Escape.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = II
|act           = For a Tomorrow Without Tears
|part          = 7
|description   = [[Venti]]'s plan to steal the Holy Lyre went off without a hitch. Well, almost  when the Lyre was almost in your hands, a stranger stole it from under your noses. Your movements alerted the guards, forcing you to flee the Cathedral.
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = Venti's New Plan
|next          = Behind the Scenes
|exp           = 250
|mora          = 5,450
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|2,850}}{{Card|Fine Enhancement Ore|5}}
|characters    = Charles;Diluc;Miles;Otto;Paimon;Traveler;Venti
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|0|2|part=7}}

==Steps==
# Escape the Cathedral
# Use the wind currents to get far away from the Cathedral
# Hide in the tavern
# Talk to [[Diluc]]
# Hide on the second floor of the tavern
# Answer Diluc's questions

==Achievements==
* Completing this quest will grant the player the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Knights and Their Knotty Issues]]."

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(Upon entering the tavern)
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 barkeeper 01.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Master Diluc, this is this week's accounts.
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hmm... The disaster has greatly affected business.
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 barkeeper 02.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Well, let's hope it all ends soon.
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hi, we'd like a seat at your, uhh... least conspicuous table.
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Umm... The second floor has fewer customers. You'd be less conspicuous up there...
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' But aren't you a bard? Why not sit front and center?
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Hahaha, let's save the paid performance for next time. We'll be heading up now, see you in a bit!
:;(After Traveler, Paimon and Venti get going)
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hey, keep an eye on them. There's something strange about that bard. I'll go ask around.
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 barkeeper 03.ogg}} '''Charles:''' Ask who exactly?
:{{A|vo mdaq049 4 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The "protectors" of Mondstadt...

;(Talk to Diluc again)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq050 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Not going upstairs yet? You both seemed to be in a hurry.

----

;(After hiding upstairs)
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 guard2 01.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Ah, Master Diluc. Have you seen two thieves around?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' What happened? Why have you mobilized so many guards?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 guard2 02.ogg}} '''Miles:''' Haven't you heard, Master Diluc? Two thieves were trying to steal the Holy Lyre!
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Oh? How odd.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 guard2 03.ogg}} '''Miles:''' Isn't it? The Holy Lyre is a treasure that was played by the God of Anemo themselves. Such a precious piece of cultural heritage–
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Why would one want to steal something they can't sell off? Would pay better to steal from my cellars...
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 guard2 04.ogg}} '''Otto:''' Huh?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Sorry, off topic. Believe they headed that way.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 6 guard2 05.ogg}} '''Miles:''' Understood. Thank you, Master Diluc!

----

;(Talk to Diluc)
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Today I think I'll have a glass of...
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 01.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' You can put down that bottle you stole from behind the counter.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 02.ogg}} '''Venti:''' ...something cold.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Right. I want answers.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 03.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Lemme finish my drink first? I'll pay you &mdash; well, with a performance.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It's not about money. You seem too young to be drinking.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 04.ogg}} '''Venti:''' No need to worry. When I started drinking, you were still&mdash;
:{{DIcon}} How about answering my question first?
::{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 05.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Oh, you wanna ask "Who's this?" Am I right?
:{{DIcon}} Actually... yeah.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 06.ogg}} '''Venti:''' He is Master {{Color|buzzword|Diluc}}, the boss of... ah, the owner of this tavern.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 07.ogg}} '''Venti:''' He's very famous. By the way, his dandelion wine is one of my favorites.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 08.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Though most of the time I can only afford a bottle or two...
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 04.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I just heard about some thieves from the guards.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 05.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' For the record, I like your guts for trying to steal the Holy Lyre der Himmel.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 06.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Even if you are fools... but we don't often get to see people like you.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It wasn't us that stole it! The real thief is still out there!
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 10.ogg}} '''Venti:''' This is the hotshot of the Knights of Favonius. Why would someone so aspiring steal Mondstadt's sacred treasure?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 07.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Hotshot...? Oh, so it's you.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 08.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' So, you and the bard are close friends?
:{{DIcon}} We're not close, actually.
:{{DIcon}} I've only heard him play once.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 09.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Well... Despite only being a passing traveler, you still offered your help to Mondstadt in its time of need.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 10.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' A shame you joined the Knights.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 11.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' The Knights of Favonius... Inefficient right from beginning to end.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 12.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' And towards the {{Color|buzzword|Fatui}}? Weak and conservative.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 13.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Forget it. I don't feel like talking about it.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 11.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Seems you don't really like the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 14.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Just differences in approach is all.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 15.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' I have my own hopes for this city.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 16.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Now, answers. Why did you steal the Holy Lyre?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 12.ogg}} '''Venti:''' You sure you want to know? It could implicate you in the affairs of the Knights of Favonius.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 17.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' That's fine. I somehow always end up implicated in their affairs.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 13.ogg}} '''Venti:''' If I tell you the story with a performance, will you believe me?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 18.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' It depends. I'll make my own judgment.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 14.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Then will I get paid?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 19.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Your reward will range from anywhere between five Mora and the Holy Lyre. It all depends on your story.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 15.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Very well. Let me put on a show...

----

:{{Color|menu|You listen to Venti sing the song about the dragon once more...}}
:(The story I want to tell starts at... the sky dragon heeding his grave calls...)
:(Brutal battle with the wicked dragon... ingested venomous blood and fell into a slumber... only to awake to be expelled in abhor...)

:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 20.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' What did I just witness...
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 21.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' This is confidential information. Why did you let me know?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 16.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Why? Hmm... Perhaps the winds are changing.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 17.ogg}} '''Venti:''' What say you, Master Diluc?
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 22.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Interesting.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 23.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Give me some time. I'll organize some contacts.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 24.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Outlander, as one of the Knights, it seems you're not a suspect.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 25.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Blonde is the only description on the wanted poster. You should be safe.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 26.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' As for the bard however, it'd be better if you stayed in the tavern.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 venti 18.ogg}} '''Venti:''' Haha. No problem! I like taverns.
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 27.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' ...
:{{A|vo mdaq050 7 diluc 28.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Okay. Let's meet here tonight after the tavern closes.

;(Talk to Venti again)
:'''Venti:''' Okay, got it. {{Color|buzzword|Tomorrow night}}, right? Don't worry, I'll show up...

;(Talk to Diluc again)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq050 diluc 03.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Don't forget our meeting {{Color|buzzword|tomorrow night}}.

----

;(Talk to Venti at the tavern before midnight)
* {{A|vo dialog mdaq050 venti 01.ogg}} '''Venti:''' The tavern closes {{Color|buzzword|at midnight}}, right? Then I'll have another drink or two... Don't worry, I won't get drunk.

;(Talk to Diluc at the tavern before midnight)
* {{A|vo dialog mdaq050 diluc 02.ogg}} '''Diluc:''' Not now. It's still early. The tavern closes {{Color|buzzword|at midnight}}. My contact will be on time.
{{dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wild Escape
|zhs     = 逃亡
|zhs_rm  = Táowáng
|zht     = 逃亡
|zht_rm  = Táowáng
|zh_tl   = Escape
|ja      = 逃亡
|ja_rm   = Toubou
|ja_tl   = Escape
|ko      = 도망
|ko_rm   = Domang
|ko_tl   = Escape
|es      = Un escape apresurado
|es_tl   = A Hurried Escape
|fr      = La fuite
|fr_tl   = The Escape
|ru      = Погоня
|ru_tl   = The Chase
|th      = หนีสิรออะไร!!!
|th_rm   = Ni si ro arai!!!
|th_tl   = Run, What are You Waiting For?!!!
|vi      = Chạy Trốn
|vi_tl   = Escape
|de      = Hastige Flucht
|de_tl   = Hastily Escape
|id      = Melarikan Diri
|id_tl   = Escape
|pt      = Fuga Selvagem
|pt_tl   = Wild Escape
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[pt-br:Fuga Selvagem]]