{{CustomTabs
|tab1=Overview
|tab2=List
}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|type         = Exploration
|image        = Wildlife Shiba Icon.png
}}
'''Wildlife''' are a type of [[NPC]] that function similarly to [[Enemies]] encountered throughout [[Teyvat]]. Most Wildlife will be [[startled]] and flee when a player approaches them. While most wildlife are harmless, boars can indirectly damage players they unintentionally charge to. [[Sumeru]] introduced wildlife that will fight the player and cause them to enter [[combat mode]] upon being startled, and they have health bars rather than dying in one hit. Such wildlife will actively attack the player when engaged in such a manner. [[Chenyu Vale]] introduced wildlife that are passive, but attacking them will cause the player to enter combat mode, though they will quickly flee and despawn in a few seconds.

Wildlife can be categorized into three sub-types by their interactability: Uninteractable pets (cats and dogs), wildlife that drop items (birds and beasts), and wildlife that act as an interactable item pick-up (material sources). Creatures which function as interactables will not drop their loot upon death, but instead just disappear with a cloud of smoke. Fish are an exception, as they can be both killed to drop items and directly picked up.

Wildlife that drop items, besides fish, trigger weapon passives on hit, e.g., [[Sacrificial Series|Composed]], [[The Flute|Chord]]. Artifact passives will not be triggered, e.g., [[Pale Flame]]'s 4-Piece bonus, [[Tenacity of the Millelith]]'s 4-Piece bonus. Some character talent passives will trigger, e.g., [[Sparkling Scatter]]. Some character talent passives will not trigger, e.g., [[Cold-Blooded Strike]].

Most non-hostile wildlife, such as crabs and unagi, will only spawn when the player is relatively close to them.

==List of Wildlife Families==
===Birds===
* [[Falcons]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=2}} when killed.
* [[Pigeons]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Finches]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Ducks]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Cranes]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=2}} when killed.
* [[Crow]]s - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Dusk Bird]]s - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Vulture]]s - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=3}} when killed.
* [[Geese]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=2}} when killed.
* [[Fulmars]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Redbill Pelican]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=2}} when killed.
* [[Halberd-Crest Bird]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Thick-Feathered Ruffed Pheasant]] - These drop {{Item|Fowl|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Flowcurrent Bird|Flowcurrent]]/[[Flowfire Bird]] - These cannot be killed.

===Beasts===
* [[Foxes]] - [[Kitsune]] cannot be killed; the others drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=2}} when killed.
* [[Squirrel]]s - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Boars]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=2}} when killed. Baby Boars are smaller, but they use the same model and drop the same amount of meat.
** [[Snowboar]] drop {{Item|Chilled Meat|20|x=2}} when killed.
** [[The Great Snowboar King]] drops {{Item|Chilled Meat|20|x=6-10}} when killed.
** [[Shroomboar]]s drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=2}} and either {{Item|Mushroom|20|x=1}} or {{Item|Matsutake|20|x=1}} when killed.
** [[Puny Shroomboar]]s drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=1}} and either {{Item|Mushroom|20|x=1}} or {{Item|Matsutake|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Dogs]] - Dogs cannot be killed.
* [[Cats]] - Cats cannot be killed.
* [[Weasels]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Weasel Thieves]] - These drop {{Item|Mora|20}} when hit.
* [[Bake-Danuki]] - Bake-Danuki cannot be killed.
* [[Spinocrocodile]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=3}} when killed.
* [[Rishboland Tiger]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=3}} when killed.
* [[Scorpion]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=3}} when killed.
* [[Flying Serpent]] - These drop {{Item|Mysterious Meat|20|x=3}} when killed.
* [[Sumpter Beast]]s - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=3–5}} when killed. Those affiliated with a faction additionally drop items based on their affiliation.
* [[Tent Tortoise]] - Tent Tortoises cannot be killed.
* [[Jadestone Turtle]] - Jadestone Turtles cannot be killed.
* [[Leisurely Otter]] - Leisurely Otters cannot be killed.
* [[Fluff-Fleece Goat]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=3}} when killed.
* [[Brown Deer]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=3}} when killed.
* [[Alpaca]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=2}} when killed.
* [[Capybara]] - These drop {{Item|Raw Meat|20|x=1}} when killed.
* [[Long-Necked Rhino]] - Long-Necked Rhinos cannot be killed.

===Fish===
* [[Bass]]es - {{Item|Fish|20|x=1}} can be obtained from these either by directly catching them or by killing them first to produce the drop.
* [[Fishing]] - Catching a fish via [[fishing]] will award an item of the same name. They cannot be killed.
** All fish species also have more lively and more valuable specimen known as [[Ornamental Fish]]. These energetic fish can be raised as pets in the [[Serenitea Pot]]'s [[Pool of Sapphire Grace]].
** [[Medaka]] - Medakas can be fished using {{Item|Fruit Paste Bait|20}}. They can be [[processing|processed]] to {{Item|Fish|20|x=1}}.
** [[Sticklebacks]] - Sticklebacks can be fished using {{Item|Redrot Bait|20}}. They can be processed to {{Item|Fish|20|x=2}}.
** [[Koi]] - Koi can be fished using {{Item|Fake Fly Bait|20}}. They can be processed to {{Item|Fish|20|x=3}}.
** [[Butterflyfish]] - Butterflyfish can be fished using {{Item|False Worm Bait|20}}. They can be processed to {{Item|Fish|20|x=2}}.
** [[Moonfin]]s are special since they can only be fished using {{Item|Glowgrass Bait|20}} and will always be [[Ornamental Fish]].
** [[Pufferfish]] - Pufferfish can be fished using {{Item|Fake Fly Bait|20}}. They can be processed to {{Item|Fish|20|x=3}}.
** [[Rays]] - Divda Rays and Formalo Rays can be fished using {{Item|Fake Fly Bait|20}}. They can be processed to {{Item|Fish|20|x=3}}. Floating Rays cannot be fished.
** [[Anglers]] - Anglers can be fished using {{Item|Sugardew Bait|20}}. They can be processed to {{Item|Fish|20|x=2}}.
** [[Axe Marlins]] - Axe Marlins can be fished using {{Item|Sugardew Bait|20}}. They can be processed to {{Item|Fish|20|x=2}}.
** [[Heartfeather Bass]]es - Heartfeather Basses can be fished using {{Item|Sour Bait|20}}. They can be processed to {{Item|Fish|20|x=2}}.
** [[Maintenance Meks]] - Maintenance Meks can be fished using {{Item|Flashing Maintenance Mek Bait|20}}. They can be converted to {{Item|"Maintenance Mek" Salvaged Parts|20}}.

===Other===
* [[Crystalflies]] - These give {{Item|Crystal Core|20|x=1}} when caught. Killing them causes them to vanish instead.
* [[Loaches]] - These give {{Item|Loach Pearl|20|x=1}} when caught. Killing them causes them to vanish instead.
* [[Frogs]] - These give {{Item|Frog (Material)|text=Frog|20|x=1}} when caught. Killing them causes them to vanish instead.
* [[Crabs]] - These give {{Item|Crab|20|x=1}} when caught. Killing them causes them to vanish instead.
* [[Lizards]] - These give {{Item|Lizard Tail|20|x=1}} when caught. Killing them causes them to vanish instead.
* [[Unagi]] - These give {{Item|Eel Meat|20|x=1}} when caught. Killing them causes them to vanish instead.
* [[Fireflies]] - These give {{Item|Luminescent Spine|20|x=1}} when caught.
* [[Scarab]] - These give {{Item|Scarab|20|x=1}} when caught. They cannot be killed, though attacking them will cause them to dig away and disappear.
* [[Subdetection Unit]] - These give {{Item|Subdetection Unit|20|x=1}} when caught. Attacking them will disable them, but they will not disappear.
* [[Crystal Beetle]] - These give {{Item|Iron Chunk|20|x=1}} when caught. Killing them causes them to vanish instead.

==Unlisted==
These are currently not listed in the [[Archive]].
* [[Butterflies]] - These give {{Item|Butterfly Wings|20|x=1}} when caught. Killing them causes them to vanish instead.
* Normal [[Fireflies]] - These give {{Item|Luminescent Spine|20|x=1}} when caught. 
* [[Venerable Jadestone Turtle]] - It cannot be killed.

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Wildlife Navbox}}
[[Category:Wildlife| ]]

[[fr:Faune]]
[[ja:野生生物]]
[[pt-br:Animais Selvagens]]
[[ru:Фауна]]
[[th:สิ่งมีชีวิตในป่า]]
[[tr:Yaban hayatı]]
[[vi:Sinh Vật Hoang Dã]]
[[zh:動物]]