{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Wilting Feast.png
|set   = Flower of Paradise Lost
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|A feather left behind by a long-extinct bird species. It was inlaid with gold and gems by the ancient adherents of the Goddess of Flowers.}}
'''Wilting Feast''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Flower of Paradise Lost]].

==Description==
In a bygone time of which only the [[Jinn]] weep, the [[Goddess of Flowers|Mistress of Oases]] made a final choice.<br>
At that moment, she learned that her fate was no riddle, but the key to opening a mysterious doorway.

Through [[King Deshret]]'s words and aspirations, she saw the possibility to transcend the [[Heavenly Principles|absurd shackles]] that governed this world.<br>
Rejecting the [[Gnosis|gift]] granted by the divine throne, the red-crowned king sought a new path of his own volition...<br>
Though the future she revealed was ruinous and bleak, the king refused to yield an inch.<br>
Even knowing that the journey was to be fraught with peril, even knowing those dearest to him were certain to fade before his very eyes...<br>
The Red Lord chose a noble lie, shepherding his followers on a path toward oblivion.

"You seek but to chain the winds. Upon the [[The Mausoleum of King Deshret|tombstone of divinity]] shall humanity become the god of gods."<br>
"Such a carefree dream was certain to be unmade. In ruins where lies are sundered, humanity will become the king of kings."

The Lord of Flowers capitulated to her friend's folly, finding a most admirable rebellion burning within the ambitions of the god.<br>
An idea that [[Aaru's Shut|joined the wisdom of thousands]], and the great attempt at binding their dreams to power.<br>
What hides here is more than lies, but also the future of humanity, burning like the sparks of hope...

Dreams will always dissolve, their landscapes fated to collapse &mdash; this is the true meaning of the blooming flowers.<br>
Only by suffering through the destruction of a god's delusions can humanity learn to rise against divine will...<br>
Just as the stubborn God King orchestrated this secret rebellion, surviving on the strength of individual will alone.<br>
However, the Lord of Flowers never knew a love that could be as sweet as wine, let alone the paltriness of human emotion.<br>
Brilliant as she was, even she could not easily predict when these little beings would finally realize the truth...

"... Have these so-called gods not been superfluous to you since the beginning?"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wilting Feast
|zhs     = 谢落的筵席
|zhs_rm  = Xièluò de Yánxí
|zht     = 謝落的筵席
|zht_rm  = Xièluò de Yánxí
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 落謝の宴席
|ja_rm   = Rakusha no Enseki{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Wilting Banquet
|ko      = 시들어버린 연회
|ko_tl   = Wilting Feast
|es      = Festín del Marchitamiento
|es_tl   = Feast of the Withering
|fr      = Fête du flétrissement
|fr_tl   = Feast of Wilting
|ru      = Угасающий пир
|ru_tl   = Wilting Feast
|th      = Wilting Feast
|vi      = Tiệc Rượu Suy Tàn
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Festmahl des Verfalls
|de_tl   = Feast of Decay
|id      = Wilting Feast
|pt      = Banquete dos Agradecimentos
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Soğuk Ziyafet
|tr_tl   = Cold Feast
|it      = Banchetto appassito
|it_tl   = Withered Banquet
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Flower of Paradise Lost}}

[[fr:Fête du flétrissement]]
[[ja:落謝の宴席]]
[[th:Wilting Feast]]
[[tr:Soluk Ziyafet]]
[[vi:Tiệc Rượu Suy Tàn]]
[[zh:謝落的筵席]]