{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74083
|image         = Wilting Weeping Willow.png
|type          = World
|group         = 
|chapter       = The Wild Fairy of Erinnyes
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Pahsiv; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Weeping Willow of the Lake]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Erinnyes Forest
|subarea       = Weeping Willow of the Lake
|prev          = 
|next          = Within the Depths of Erinnyes
|concurrent    = Foggy Forest Path (Quest)
|concurrent2   = Furious Mouth of the Spring
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*350;Primogem*40;Mora*30,000;Hero's Wit*4;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Wilting Weeping Willow''''' is a quest in the {{Quest|The Wild Fairy of Erinnyes}}.

There are three different versions of the quest, depending on the number of {{Item|Teardrop Key}}s in the player's possession.

==Steps==
# Search for the "key" near the "Weeping Willow"
# Find a way to activate the altar
## Use the [[Xenochromatic Hunter's Ray]]'s ability to cut the [[Fontemer Seagrass]] and free the [[Xenochromatic Ball Octopus]].
## Use the Ball Octopus' ability to destroy the [[Contaminated Bacterial Mat]]s near the altar, which reveals a [[Dew Bubble]].
## Solve the [[Harmonious Reed Pipe]] puzzle.
# Examine the item on the altar<!--
# Examine the item on the altar-->
# Talk to [[Pahsiv|the Melusine]]<!--
# Investigate the large tree on the island
# Investigate the underwater altar
# Remove the filth from the Dewfoam Flower-->

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing the Harmonious Reed Pipe puzzle unlocks the locked [[Exquisite Chest]]. Opening the chest causes a [[Xenochromatic Jellyfish]] to spawn, which can be used to destroy the [[Rock Pile]]s.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You discover a great tree that resembles a wilting waterfall. What secrets lie here?}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Interact with the altar)
:'''Mysterious Altar:''' (Most of the inscription has been scratched out, but you can make out "...foam...")
:'''Paimon:''' What does that mean? It must be crucial to finding the key, right? Guess we need to figure out how to activate this altar...

;(Interact with the altar again, optional)
:'''Mysterious Altar:''' (Most of the inscription has been scratched out, but you can make out "...foam...")
{{Dialogue End}}
===Version 1===
This version is obtained if no Teardrop Keys are in the player's possession yet.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pick up the item on the altar)
:{{Black Screen|A glittering pearl of water appears on the altar.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Um, that drop of water... That can't be the treasure, can it?
:{{DIcon}} It doesn't look like treasure.
:'''Paimon:''' That's what Paimon thought. It can't be that easy. But what is it, then?
:{{DIcon}} Maybe it is key to containing the Demon King.
::'''Paimon:''' What? But that means catastrophe! Quick, put it back. Paimon hopes we're not too late!
::'''???:''' Ah...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh no! It's the Demon King!
::'''???:''' The Demon King? Melusine.
:{{DIcon}} Maybe someone else put it here.
::'''Paimon:''' What? Oh no, that makes us thieves. Ohh, Paimon's sorry... Let's put it back, quick.
::'''???:''' Ah...
::'''Paimon:''' Oh no! The boss is back!
::'''???:''' The boss? Melusine.
:'''Paimon:''' Gah, you gave Paimon a fright there... A Melusine, huh? What are you doing here?
:'''???:''' Key.
:'''Paimon:''' Key? What key? Is this drop of water a key?
:'''???:''' Pahsiv.
:'''Paimon:''' Err... The drop of water is Pahsiv?
:'''???:''' Melusine.
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh! What do you mean? Is the drop of water a Melusine? Paimon's getting dizzy. What on earth is this? Aren't you the Melusine here?
:'''???:''' Pahsiv...
:'''Paimon:''' Err... You're a Pahsiv? Or is your name Pahsiv? Wait... No, don't answer. You'll just make Paimon dizzier...
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, Paimon's decided to call you Pahsiv. Is that okay?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Melusine...
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}... What should we do? Paimon can't understand a thing she's saying. What is she trying to say?
:{{DIcon}} You can understand what we're saying, can't you?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv...
:{{DIcon}} This drop of water is a key, right?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv.
:{{DIcon}} You're not a human, are you?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Er... Let's not be rude all of a sudden, shall we?
:{{DIcon}} I'm not a human, am I?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' M&mdash;Melusine?
:'''Paimon:''' Oh! Wait! Paimon thinks she's starting to understand. "Pahsiv" is yes and "Melusine" is no. Could that be it?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv! Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' So you're not called Pahsiv. Sorry, Paimon got your name wrong earlier.
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv... likes...
:{{DIcon}} You like the name?
:'''Pahsiv?:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Wonderful! Then that's what Paimon's gonna call you, hehe. This is {{Traveler}}. We're glad to meet you, Pahsiv. Paimon's never met a Melusine like you.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, Pahsiv! {{Traveler}}, Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes... Melusine...
:'''Paimon:''' ...So you mean Erinn-no? Or... Err...
:{{DIcon}} Something wrong with Erinnyes?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes, Melusine, now...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, Erinnyes, protect...
:'''Paimon:''' So, something bad is happening to Erinnyes, and you want to protect it?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, {{Traveler}}, Erinny, ka-pow, ka-pow...
:'''Paimon:''' Err... So that's five words now. So... you want Paimon and {{Traveler}} to punch Erinnyes? Like KA-POW?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Melusine!
:{{DIcon}} You want us to help?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, so she wants help from us. That's good. Paimon didn't know how we could punch Erinnyes, with it being a whole island and all...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Ka-pow, ka-pow.
:{{DIcon}} Will there be any rewards?
::'''Pahsiv:''' Re... ward?
::'''Paimon:''' Oh come on, {{Traveler}}! Pahsiv can barely talk! She won't be able to find anyone else to help her, so we should just do it!
::{{DIcon}} What do we need to do?
:{{DIcon}} What do we need to do?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, key, number.
:'''Paimon:''' And then? How many keys is that, now?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key! Key! Key!
:{{DIcon}} Three keys?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! Key, mistway, south...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, spring, north...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, willow, east...
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, that's what you mean... Let's make a note real quick... Three keys in total, one in the southern foggy road, one in the northern spring, and one in the eastern willows... Is Paimon right?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, key, square, west.
:'''Paimon:''' And there are three keys in the square to the west?
:{{DIcon}} Collect three keys and go to the square?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, Melusine! {{Traveler}}, Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh c'mon, Pahsiv, do you have to always make it sound like {{Traveler}} is cleverer than Paimon? We're clearly of more or less equal intellect!
:'''Paimon:''' Anyway, we've already got one key, so all we need to do is find the remaining two.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes, Melusine... Pahsiv, protect!
:'''Paimon:''' Relax. Paimon doesn't know what's happened, but we're going to help you protect Erinnyes for sure.
:'''Paimon:''' But if Paimon could add one small point, Pahsiv, Paimon would like to say that if you happen to see anything shiny, round, and unwanted, or some expensive-looking chest...
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it would be just wonderful if you could let us know!
:{{Black Screen|Pahsiv scratches her head as she tries to understand, then gives two more happy jumps and leaves in a bit of a hurry.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, she ran straight off. Guess she must have something really urgent to work on. {{Traveler}}, shall we go looking for those two keys now?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 2===
This version is obtained if the player already has one Teardrop Key.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pick up the item on the altar)
:'''Paimon:''' And that's another key for us. Now all we need to do is find the final one.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, Pahsiv! Where did you come from?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Disappeared, Pahsiv.
:'''Paimon:''' Okay then... Paimon's never met a [[Melusine]] so unique... And Paimon thought Melusine all lived in the [[Court of Fontaine]] or [[Merusea Village]]. How come you're out here?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Court of Fontaine? Merusea Village?
:'''Paimon:''' You seem confused. Haven't you heard of those places?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Court of Fontaine, Melusine... Merusea Village, Melusine...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Ah... Erinnyes, Pahsiv, home.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes, Pahsiv, protect!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait, you're saying that this is your home? And that you're protecting it?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:{{DIcon}} But don't the Melusine live in Merusea Village?
:'''Paimon:''' Yes, that's kinda strange. Are some Melusine born elsewhere? Paimon can't see any others here though.
:'''Paimon:''' Pahsiv, do you live here alone?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Alone? Melusine. That visitor! Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' That... visitor? There's a visitor? Who?
:'''Pahsiv:''' That... visitor! Paimon, Paimon, {{Traveler}}, {{Traveler}}. That visitor, that visitor!
:{{DIcon}} So who is that visitor, exactly?
:'''Paimon:''' Pahsiv... are you trying to say that visitor is called that visitor, like Paimon is called Paimon?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Ah-ha! I was right. Paimon's always said that she's clever, hasn't she?
:{{DIcon}} It's a very strange name.
:{{DIcon}} That's an awesome name.
:'''Pahsiv:''' That visitor, Pahsiv, knowledge, ka-pow.
:'''Paimon:''' Err... you mean that the visitor is helping you learn things?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! Lots of. Language, wisdom... lots of.
:'''Paimon:''' Er, Paimon's not sure about the "lots of" bit...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, that visitor, protect, ka-pow.
:'''Paimon:''' And he helps you protect this place?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Melusine...
:{{DIcon}} You help him protect this place?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' So that's it... But who is this visitor? And why does he need you to help protect this place, anyway?
:'''Paimon:''' And some really bad things have happened here, too. We saw the stone tablet and how someone had scratched out the inscription, and lots of filth... Are there any enemies?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Curious Paimon, Pahsiv! But time very not lots of.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, key, square, west, ka-pow, ka-pow.
:{{DIcon}} We'll be as quick as we can!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, Pahsiv! {{Traveler}}, Pahsiv!
:{{Black Screen|Pahsiv gives two happy jumps and then leaves in a bit of a hurry.}}
:'''Paimon:''' It looks like we really are pressed for time. But we've already got two keys, so let's press on and get the third!
;(Obtain {{Item|Teardrop Key}})
{{Dialogue End}}

===Version 3===
This version is obtained if the player already has two Teardrop Keys.
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Pick up the item on the altar)
:{{Black Screen|A glittering pearl of water appears on the altar.}}
:'''Paimon:''' Awesome! Now, we have the third key.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, key, key!
:{{DIcon}} Disappeared, Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, Pahsiv! {{Traveler}}, Pahsiv! Key, key, key!
:'''Paimon:''' Square, west!
:'''Paimon:''' Hehe. Is this what you're trying to say? Don't worry, we're going there now.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/2rtT2PnTBR8
|caption1 = Puzzzle Solved 
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wilting Weeping Willow
|zhs     = 枯萎垂柳
|zhs_rm  = 
|zht     = 枯萎垂柳
|zht_rm  = 
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 枯凋の柳
|ja_rm   = Kochou no Yanagi{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = 
|ko      = 시든 버드나무
|ko_tl   = Wilted Willow
|es      = El sauce sin lágrimas
|es_tl   = The Willow Without Tears
|fr      = Saule pleureur flétri
|fr_tl   = Withered Weeping Willow
|ru      = Увядающая плакучая ива
|ru_tl   = Wilting Weeping Willow
|th      = ต้นหลิวที่เหี่ยวเฉา
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Liễu Rũ Héo Khô
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Verwelkende Trauerweide
|de_tl   = Wilting Weeping Willow
|id      = Dedalu Terisak yang Layu
|id_tl   = Wilting Weeping Willow
|pt      = Salgueiro Chorão Murcho
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Solgun Salkım Söğüt
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Salice piangente appassito
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}