{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70664
|image         = Event Quest Windswept Domain.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Wind Chaser
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Honglang; Paimon; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Bishui Plain]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Mora*10,000;Adventurer's Experience*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Wind Chaser]] Event.
}}
'''''Windswept Domain''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Wind Chaser]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Honglang]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You meet an adventurer in Liyue...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Honglang)
:'''Honglang:''' Every time there's trouble, they send me to fix it...
:{{DIcon}} Oh, aren't you...?
:{{DIcon}} We meet again.
:'''Honglang:''' It's you! What a coincidence! I never expected to meet you here of all places.
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing here?
:'''Honglang:''' *sigh* Don't ask. Remember that peculiar Domain? You know... [[Divine Ingenuity|the one where the internal structure changed according to one's mind]]?
:'''Honglang:''' I was able to gather quite a lot of information thanks to your help in getting me in there to explore. After the Domain disappeared, I went back to report to [[Lan]].
:'''Honglang:''' I reiterated to her that I couldn't have managed this case without your help. I only provided a negligible amount of support.
:'''Honglang:''' But she wouldn't listen and even commended my work before asking me to lead a team to explore more unknown Domains of that sort.
:{{DIcon}} That doesn't sound like a half bad gig.
:{{DIcon}} Isn't it a good thing?
:'''Honglang:''' What's so good about it? I used to just be a regular old adventurer with nothing stopping me from doing whatever I pleased.
:'''Honglang:''' I may have earned less before, but I had my freedom. Now I'm stuck with this title Lan gave me...
:'''Honglang:''' Enough about that, let's get down to business. See this door beside me? Behind it is another peculiar Domain.
:'''Honglang:''' And this Domain is chock-a-block full of wind currents.
:{{DIcon}} Wind currents? As in the usual kind?
:'''Honglang:''' Yep, you know, those whooshing, swooshing wind currents you find outside. Adventurers often use them to fly even higher on their wind gliders.
:'''Honglang:''' But the distribution of the wind currents in this Domain is a total mess. Some of them even collide with each other, forming areas that can't be flown through.
:'''Honglang:''' I invited a few adventurers known to be handy with wind gliders to go in and investigate, but without fail, each one barely made it in before being forced to withdraw.
:'''Honglang:''' They also reported finding mechanisms inside, and that activating them seems to affect some of the wind currents...
:'''Honglang:''' But before they could work out the mechanisms' specific uses, a bunch of monsters appeared out of nowhere, so they had to pull out.
:'''Honglang:''' After some discussion, we concluded that if we can make clever use of these mechanisms, it should make exploring this Domain a whole lot easier...
:{{DIcon}} Have you gone in to explore yourself?
:{{DIcon}} You didn't lead the charge?
:'''Honglang:''' Come on, don't act like you don't know! I'm, um... not the most physically fit, and I'm not so great with a wind glider either.
:'''Honglang:''' I can just about manage flights under normal conditions, but when it comes to the situation in this Domain...
:'''Honglang:''' If I went in to explore, I'd probably get blown around like a leaf before crashing headlong into a horde of monsters.
:'''Honglang:''' Traveler, I saw how well you did the last time. You've got decent stamina, and a good head on your shoulders, too...
:'''Honglang:''' Would you be willing to help me out once more and explore this Domain?
:'''Honglang:''' As for payment, don't worry. I've got you more than covered.
:{{DIcon}} Okay, I guess I'll try.
::'''Honglang:''' Great, I'm counting on you, then!
:{{DIcon}} Is there treasure inside?
::'''Honglang:''' Since we've barely been able to explore this Domain, I can't say for sure...
::'''Honglang:''' But you can keep any treasure that you find while exploring!
::'''Honglang:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Windswept Domain
|zhs     = 秘境来风
|zhs_rm  = Mìjìng Lái Fēng
|zht     = 秘境來風
|zht_rm  = Mìjìng Lái Fēng
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 秘境より来たる風
|ja_rm   = Hikyou yori Kitaru Kaze
|ja_tl   = The Wind That Comes From an Unexplored Land
|ko      = 바람의 비경
|ko_rm   = Baram-ui Bigyeong
|ko_tl   = Domain of Wind
|es      = Dominio huracanado
|es_tl   = Hurricane Domain
|fr      = Donjon sous les vents
|fr_tl   = Dungeon Under the Winds
|ru      = Ветер из подземелья
|ru_tl   = Wind from Underground
|th      = สายลมแห่งดันเจี้ยน
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gió Từ Bí Cảnh
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Windige Sphäre
|de_tl   = Windy Sphere
|id      = Angin Penyapu Domain
|id_tl   = Domain-Sweeping Wind
|pt      = Ventos do Domínio
|pt_tl   = Winds of Domain
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.1}}

[[ja:秘境より来たる風]]
[[pt-br:Ventos do Domínio]]
[[ru:Ветер из подземелья]]