{{Event Tabs
|rootpage = Windtrace/2024-05-14
|gallery  = false
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Gygax)
:'''Gygax:''' Why hello, hello! We meet again! What fortune!
:{{DIcon}} Sorry, you are...
::'''Gygax:''' Gygax! I'm Gygax! You know, from Windtrace! Ring any bells?
:{{DIcon}} You're... that Windtrace guy!
::'''Gygax:''' It's Gygax! But you're not wrong... and it's not as if I'm upset that Windtrace is more famous than I am.
:'''Paimon:''' So that's who you are!
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I remember now!
:'''Gygax:''' You say that, but your expression says you don't remember a thing...
:'''Gygax:''' Anyway, please, look over here. I'm sure you remember Windtrace at least, don't you?
:'''Gygax:''' Didn't you give me a ton of suggestions after your previous round of play-testing? They were great ideas, too. I've taken just about all of them on board.
:'''Gygax:''' I've revised the rules and gameplay once... Uh, well, several times since then.
:{{DIcon}} They won't be overly complex and weirdly worded, will they?
:{{DIcon}} You didn't add any weird gameplay in, did you?
:'''Gygax:''' Oh, don't worry, I'm sure you'll love the new stuff. Let me give you a quick rundown.
:'''Gygax:''' First off, I've introduced something called a Signaling Device in this brand-new version of Windtrace.
:'''Gygax:''' As long as the Rebels can activate 4 such Devices, they'll defeat the Hunter and emerge victorious!
:'''Gygax:''' Whereas the Hunter... Well, nothing's changed there! If they manage to capture all the Rebels, they win.
:'''Gygax:''' But in this version of Windtrace, when Rebels get caught by the Hunter, they won't be knocked out straight away. Instead, they'll be kept in what's known as the "Surveillance Zone."
:'''Gygax:''' After waiting a bit, or with the help of other Rebels, they can escape from the Surveillance Zone and carry on playing.
:'''Gygax:''' But if a Rebel who's previously been caught gets captured a second time... they'll be knocked out of the game completely.
:{{DIcon}} Sounds a little complicated...
:{{DIcon}} So many new rules...
:'''Gygax:''' Don't worry. It might sound complicated, but you'll get it after a few rounds.
:{{DIcon|Windtrace}} In that case, I'll have a go.
::'''Gygax:''' Sure! This way, please...
:;(Opens Windtrace Matching Menu)
:{{DIcon}} Not right now.
::'''Gygax:''' No worries. Come back when you're free &mdash; I'll be here for a while yet.
{{Dialogue End}}