{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70008
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Aramis; Margaret; Nimrod; Nora; Paimon; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
}}
'''''Windbrew''''' is a World Quest unlocked after completing [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]] in the [[Invitation of Windblume]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Margaret]]
* If you choose [[Dandelion Seed|Dandelions]]:
**# <li value="2">Go to [[Starsnatch Cliff]] and pick three sets of [[Rather Fine Dandelion Seeds|Dandelion Seeds]]</li>
* If you choose [[Windwheel Aster]]s
**# <li value="2">Go to [[Windrise]] and gather three [[Rather Fine Windwheel Aster|Windwheel Asters]]</li>

# <li value="3">Defeat all opponents</li>
# Pick Dandelion Seeds/Gather Windwheel Asters
# Report back to Margaret
# Mix the drink
# Talk to Margaret
# Talk to [[Nimrod]]
# Talk to [[Aramis]]
# Talk to [[Nora]]
# Report back to Margaret

==Gameplay Notes==
* You do not have to fight the enemies when picking the Dandelion Seeds or Windwheel Asters.
* The correct order for making the drink is:
*# Place Sweet Flower in.
*# Pour milk in.
*# Place Windwheel Aster in.
*# Let it sit.
*# Place Dandelion Seeds in.
*# Place ice cubes in.
* The options while mixing the drink do not disappear after selecting them, making it possible to select the same option more than once.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Margaret from The Cat's Tail seems to be planning something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Margaret)
:'''Margaret:''' It seems that we must come up with a new special blend after all...
:{{DIcon}} Something the matter?
:'''Margaret:''' Oh, it's you. Actually, I was just considering pushing out a new special beverage based on the Windblume Festival.
:'''Margaret:''' Everyone's going to be having fun in the city during this time, and I'm sure that they wouldn't mind having some food and drink to go along with that.
:'''Margaret:''' However, they'll get drunk very quickly of they all they drink is alcohol, and they'll be liable to get pulled aside by the Knights until they've sobered up...
:'''Margaret:''' Also, it'll ruin the mood if the reek of alcohol is too strong.
:{{DIcon}} Huh. Is that so?
:'''Margaret:''' Well, I've heard that some people really enjoy that sort of hazy, drunken atmosphere. But falling over drunk by the roadside during a festival just isn't a good look.
:'''Margaret:''' As such, I've decided to create a refreshing, non-alcoholic drink that's milk-based and filled with flavor of the "wind".
:'''Margaret:''' To emphasize the flavor of the "wind", I think that we could also use two special additions &mdash; Dandelions and Windwheel Asters.
:'''Margaret:''' But we'll be here all day if I'm the only one going around collecting them. So, Traveler, could you help me collect some accessorizing ingredients?
:{{DIcon}} I'll go get those Dandelions.
::'''Margaret:''' Thanks so much. I've heard that the Dandelions of Starsnatch Cliff are of rather fine quality, so do help me get some.
::'''Margaret:''' I'll go collect some Windwheel Asters as well, and we'll meet back here once we're done collecting our respective ingredients.
:{{DIcon}} I'll go get those Windwheel Asters.
::'''Margaret:''' I'm counting on you, then &mdash; the Windwheel Asters of Windrise are of rather fine quality, so please try collecting some there.
::'''Margaret:''' I'll go collect some Dandelion Seeds for my part, and we'll meet back here once we're done collecting our respective ingredients.
:'''Margaret:''' We'll make the drink right on the spot, and get a few people to try it out while we're at it...
----
;(Upon arriving at Starsnatch Cliff for Dandelions)
:'''Paimon:''' As expected, there's a concentration of Dandelions over here, but what should we do with all these Anemo Slimes...?
;(Collect three [[Rather Fine Dandelion Seeds]])
----
;(Upon arriving at Windrise for Windwheel Asters)
:'''Paimon:''' Windwheel Asters grow so thick around here, but... *sigh* Hilichurls are also in great abundance...
:'''Paimon:''' Seems like we have to deal with them first.
;(Collect three [[Rather Fine Windwheel Aster]]s)
----
;(Talk to Margaret)
:'''Margaret:''' Have you found the ingredients?
:;(Give ingredients)
:'''Margaret:''' These are some very fine Dandelions/Windwheel Asters. I wonder what flavors we'll achieve if we use these in our blend...
:'''Margaret:''' Alright, looks like we've got all the ingredients we need. Let's start blending our beverage.
:{{DIcon}} I wonder how it'll taste...
:'''Margaret:''' Oh, are you interested in trying it out, too?
:'''Margaret:''' Well... the blending process itself isn't particularly complicated. You just need to follow the steps I've come up with and it should be a ringing success.
:'''Margaret:''' So, want to try making it yourself, Traveler?
:{{DIcon}} Sure, I'll give it a go.
:'''Margaret:''' Great. Now, just let me explain the process of making this beverage. Make sure you remember it.
:'''Margaret:''' First, place a {{Color|buzzword|Sweet Flower}} inside before pouring the base alcohol we're using for this cocktail... and then, of course, we'll drizzle some {{Color|buzzword|Milk}} in to lay the foundations for the clear, sweet texture we're going for this time around.
:'''Margaret:''' We'll need to add the {{Color|buzzword|Windwheel Aster}} in at this point to add flavor.
:'''Margaret:''' Don't rush to mix it all together. Let it {{Color|buzzword|sit}} for a moment and let the floral fragrance emerge.
:'''Margaret:''' Then scatter the {{Color|buzzword|Dandelion Seeds}} in to make the drink look like it's been adorned with stars. Then place some {{Color|buzzword|ice cubes}} in, and that's a wrap!
:'''Margaret:''' And that's how it works. You can't get the steps mixed up if you want to make something delicious.
:'''Margaret:''' If you memorized the steps, give it a go. If you've forgotten, feel free to ask me again.
----
;(Talk to Margaret again)
:'''Margaret:''' Forgotten the steps? No worries. I'll go over the process again.
:'''Margaret:''' First, place the {{Color|buzzword|Sweet Flower}} in before drizzling some {{Color|buzzword|Milk}} in to lay the foundations for the clear, sweet texture we're going for.
:'''Margaret:''' We'll need to add the {{Color|buzzword|Windwheel Aster}} in at this point to add flavor.
:'''Margaret:''' Don't rush to mix it all together. Let it {{Color|buzzword|sit}} for a moment and let the floral fragrance emerge.
:'''Margaret:''' Then scatter the {{Color|buzzword|Dandelion Seeds}} in and place some {{Color|buzzword|ice cubes}} atop them, and that'll just about wrap it up. If you've gotten all that, you can try it yourself.
----
;(Interact with the drinks on the table)
:{{DIcon}} Let's Start Blending
:'''Paimon:''' Got it! Let's begin!
:{{DIcon}} Let it sit.
:{{DIcon}} Place ice cubes in.
:{{DIcon}} Pour milk in.
:{{DIcon}} Place Windwheel Aster in.
:{{DIcon}} Place Sweet Flower in.
:{{DIcon}} Place Dandelion Seeds in.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, and next up...
:;(Repeated Choices)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, and next up...
:;(Repeated Choices)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like we're almost done!
:;(Repeated Choices)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, and next up...
:;(Repeated Choices)
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like we're almost done!
:;(Repeated Choices)
:'''Paimon:''' Alright, that's that. Let's bring it to Margaret and let her have a little taste!
:;(Obtain [[Special Beverage]])
----
;(Talk to Margaret)
:'''Margaret:''' Ah, you're done with the blending process?
:{{DIcon}} And we're done.
:'''Margaret:''' ...
;(If any step was incorrect)
:'''Margaret:''' It tastes a little astringent. The flavors don't seem to have melded together too well. Perhaps something went awry during the blending process...
:'''Margaret:''' Hmm... Give it another go, perhaps. If you have any questions, I'll be right here.
:;(Go back to mixing the drink)
;(If the drink was made correctly)
:'''Margaret:''' There's a slight sweetness to the piercing foretaste, and there's also a cooling texture, like that of the flowing breeze...
:'''Margaret:''' A most fitting drink for the Windblume Festival. I see I made the right choice in bringing you on board.
:'''Margaret:''' Next, I think this drink needs some taste testers. Traveler, could I trouble you to go out again to look for some?
:{{DIcon}} I'll see it done.
:'''Margaret:''' I'll be relying on you, then. I believe there'll be a ton of people near the Anemo Archon statue. You can probably find some testers there.

;(Talk to Margaret again)
:'''Margaret:''' What should I call such a refreshing drink? The Relaxairy? Hm...
----
;(Talk to [[Nimrod]])
:'''Nimrod:''' *sigh* Festivals just aren't complete without a little swig of drink...
:{{DIcon}} Hey there, The Cat's Tail's come up with a new beverage...
:'''Nimrod:''' Oh, you want me to test it, do you? Hahaha! No problem, none at all! I'm an old hand when it comes to wine.
:'''Nimrod:''' Let me try it... Eh? This... doesn't have any taste of alcohol at all. It's more like some sort of dairy product.
:'''Nimrod:''' Don't get me wrong, it tastes good, but I don't think a non-alcoholic drink really fits this festival.
:'''Nimrod:''' I mean, there are lots of people who're looking forward to getting reasonably drunk this Windblume Festival. I don't think this sort of drink would receive a particularly warm welcome.
;(Talk to Nimrod again)
:'''Nimrod:''' *sigh* I should just go get myself some [[Dandelion Wine]]...
----
;(Talk to [[Aramis]])
:'''Aramis:''' Hello. Can I help you?
:{{DIcon}} Hey there, The Cat's Tail's come up with a new beverage...
:'''Aramis:''' My apologies, but I'm on duty at the moment. I can't drink.
:{{DIcon}} This drink's non-alcoholic.
:'''Aramis:''' Oh? Well... then... I guess it'll be fine. I'm feeling a little thirsty, in any case, so I'll give a go...
:'''Aramis:''' Oh! This is pretty good. It's refreshing, too. Really perks you right up.
:'''Aramis:''' This is a new product from the Cat's Tail, is it? I'll go have another taste later when I can spare time.
;(Talk to Aramis again)
:'''Aramis:''' Well, maybe a little non-alcoholic beverage from time to time won't hurt...
----
;(Talk to [[Nora]])
:'''Nora:''' Do you wanna play with me?
:{{DIcon}} Hey there, The Cat's Tail's come up with a new beverage...
:'''Nora:''' The Cat's Tail... Aunty Grace says that kids shouldn't drink wine.
:{{DIcon}} Oh, this one's got no wine in it.
:'''Nora:''' Really? I'll give it a try...
:'''Nora:''' It's really nice! It's sweet, and it's cool! Is this a new drink from the Cat's Tail?
:'''Nora:''' I'll tell [[Timmie]] and [[Lily]], too! I'm sure they'd like some!
;(Talk to Nora again)
:'''Nora:''' Timmie and Lily are gonna love this! I'm gonna tell them right away!
----
;(Talk to Margaret)
:'''Margaret:''' How did it go? Were you able to find some taste testers?
:{{DIcon}} Oh, I found some, alright.
:'''''The Traveler describes the people's reactions after trying the drink to Margaret...'''''
:'''Margaret:''' Getting reasonably drunk during the festival, huh... No wonder the crowd at the Angel's Share has grown...
:'''Margaret:''' Still, I think this is fine. Other than those who'd like to get reasonably drunk, the children and the city guards should get to enjoy their own fair share of festive cheer as well.
:'''Margaret:''' I'll continue tweaking this special blend. Thanks for your help, by the way &mdash; and here's a little something as thanks.
:'''Margaret:''' Ah yes &mdash; and Happy Windblume Festival.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Windbrew
|zhs     = 「风」味饮料
|zhs_rm  = "Fēng" Wèi Yǐnliào
|zht     = 「風」味飲料
|zht_rm  = "Fēng" Wèi Yǐnliào
|zh_tl   = "Wind"-Flavored Drink
|ja      = 「風」味ドリンク
|ja_rm   = "Kaze" Aji Dorinku{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = "Wind"-Flavored Drink
|ko      = 「바람 내음」 맛 음료
|ko_rm   = "Baram Naeeum" Mat Eumryo
|ko_tl   = "Wind Smell" Taste Drink
|es      = Sabor a viento
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = La boisson du vent
|fr_tl   = The Wind Drink
|ru      = Напиток со вкусом ветра
|ru_tl   = Wind-Flavored Brew
|th      = เครื่องดื่มที่มีรสชาติของ "สายลม"
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Đồ Uống Vị "Gió"
|vi_tl   = "Wind"-Flavored Drink
|de      = Windgebräu
|de_tl   = Windbrew
|id      = Minuman Rasa "Angin"
|id_tl   = "Wind"-Flavored Drink
|pt      = Bebida com Gosto do Vento
|pt_tl   = Drink with a Taste of the Wind
|pt_note = In the context of "A Drink" and not "To Drink"
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:Bebida com Gosto do Vento]]
[[ru:Напиток со вкусом ветра]]