{{Quest Infobox
|image         = Archon Quest C0A1 Winds of the Past.png
|id            = 00360
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = Prologue
|actNum        = I
|act           = The Outlander Who Caught the Wind
|part          = 9
|startLocation = [[Starfell Valley]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|prev          = Knights of Favonius (Quest)
|next          = Shadow Over Mondstadt
|concurrent    = Crash Course
|concurrent2   = Sparks Amongst the Pages
|domain        = Deep Within the Temple of the Falcon
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 3,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Character EXP|1,550}}{{Card|Enhancement Ore|3}}
|characters    = Amber;Paimon;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}

{{TeyvatQuest|0|1|part=9}}

==Steps==
# Meet [[Amber]] at the temple
# Talk to Amber
# Enter the temple
#* Enter [[Temple of the Falcon]]'s Quest Domain: [[Deep Within the Temple of the Falcon]]
#* Amber will join the party as a trial character
# Explore the temple's depths
# Destroy [[Stormterror]]'s crystal in the Temple of the Falcon
# Leave the temple

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|To stop Stormterror's siege, you must venture out and eliminate the elemental flows left within the ruined Temples of the [[Four Winds]]. Amber is waiting for you at the Temple of the Falcon.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Amber)
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' This is it. One of the deserted {{Color|buzzword|temples of The Four Winds}}.
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' These temples have been left to waste for years now. The people of Mondstadt almost never come here.
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' There's a chance there's a monster nest or a hilichurl camp inside.
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Even Stormterror has given up on its own temple.
:{{DIcon}} "Stormterror..."?
:{{DIcon}} Wait, did you just say "its own temple..."?
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...Yes.
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I also find it hard to accept, but... Stormterror was once one of The Four Winds.
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ehhhh!?
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Wait... Did you just feel that?
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The wind here... Something's off...
:{{A|vo mdaq027 2 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Let's go in and take a look, (Traveler). Be careful, the dragon's power is disturbing this area.

;(Talk to Amber again)
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq027 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Everyone in Mondstadt is still getting blown about by the storm...
:{{A|vo dialog mdaq027 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Every second we waste is a mark against the name of Favonius. Let's get in that temple, stat!
----
;(Approach the door)
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' You can use that console to open the door.

;(Enter the next room)
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Wow! I can see so far into the temple!

;(After defeating a hilichurl)
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Oh no! A horn!
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' The fighting must have got them riled up.
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Well, good thing I've prepared my secret weapon: {{Color|buzzword|Explosive Puppet "Baron Bunny"}}!

;(Enter the next room)
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Are those {{Color|buzzword|explosive barrels}} over there?
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Well... One shot should be able to blow them up!

;(Approach the chasm)
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's so high... Seems like there's something up there.
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But how do we get across?
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Isn't this... a Pyro Monument?
:{{A|vo mdaq028 4 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' If we hit it with a powerful Pyro attack, we might trigger it!

;(Reaching the end)
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 01.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Dragon's breath! Is that where the power is coming from?
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 02.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Great, let's smash it!

;(After destroying Stormterror's crystal)
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 03.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Phew, I'm tired.
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 04.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But, at least this way we've helped Jean out.
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 05.ogg}} '''Amber:''' In the past, we were at least able to defend the city and keep it safe.
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 06.ogg}} '''Amber:''' This, of course, is mostly thanks to Jean.
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 07.ogg}} '''Amber:''' But now with Stormterror directly attacking the city itself...
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 08.ogg}} '''Amber:''' "The winds change, so too should our tactics."
:{{DIcon}} Sounds deep.
:{{DIcon}} Did you come up with it?
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 09.ogg}} '''Amber:''' It's what [[Lisa]] likes to say.
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 10.ogg}} '''Amber:''' Speaking of which, The Four Winds we were discussing earlier...
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 11.ogg}} '''Amber:''' If you want to learn more about our history, you can ask Lisa.
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 12.ogg}} '''Amber:''' ...I'm not saying I don't know our history! It's just...
:{{A|vo mdaq028 5 ambor 13.ogg}} '''Amber:''' I mean... A librarian is supposed to be more knowledgeable than an Outrider, right?
----
;(After leaving the temple &mdash; if this is the third temple that has been cleared, the skies clear up)
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Phew, it's finally done.
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, all that "ley flow" and "elemental lines" stuff Lisa was going on about should hopefully be back to normal.
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wanna go back and see how the {{Color|buzzword|Knights}} are doing?
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But if you got anything more interesting to do, Paimon can come too!
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' By the way, we obtained another [[Anemoculus]] in one of The Four Winds' temples, right?
:{{A|vo mdaq035 3b paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We might come across more of them in the future, so don't forget to offer them to the Statues!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Tutorial==
{{Transclude|Tutorial/Winds of the Past}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/-c7XK_1p3fM
|caption1 = Deep Within the Temple of the Falcon Domain Guide (6 Chests)
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Winds of the Past
|zhs     = 昔日的风
|zhs_rm  = Xīrì de Fēng
|zht     = 昔日的風
|zht_rm  = Xīrì de Fēng
|zh_tl   = The Wind of Bygone Days
|ja      = 昔日の風
|ja_rm   = Sekijitsu no Kaze{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = The Wind of Bygone Days
|ko      = 지난날의 바람
|ko_rm   = Jinannar-ui Baram
|ko_tl   = The Wind of Bygone Days
|es      = Vientos del pasado
|es_tl   = Winds of the Past
|fr      = Le vent du passé
|fr_tl   = The Wind of the Past
|ru      = Ветра прошлого
|ru_tl   = Winds of the Past
|th      = สายลมแห่งอดีตกาล
|th_rm   = Sailom haeng oditkan
|th_tl   = Winds of the Past
|vi      = Gió Của Ngày Cũ
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Winde der Vergangenheit
|de_tl   = The Winds of the Past
|id      = Angin Masa Lalu
|id_tl   = Wind of the Past
|pt      = Ventos do Passado
|pt_tl   = Winds of the Past
|tr      = Geçmişin Rüzgarları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Venti del passato
|it_tl   = Winds of the Past
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|chapter=Prologue}}
[[Category:Archon Prologue]]

[[es:Vientos del pasado]]
[[fr:Le vent du passé]]
[[id:Angin Masa Lalu]]
[[ja:昔日の風]]
[[pl:Wiatry przeszłości]]
[[pt-br:Ventos do Passado]]
[[th:สายลมแห่งอดีตกาล]]
[[vi:Gió Của Ngày Cũ]]