{{About|Quest|the [[event]]|Windtrace}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|title         = Windtrace
|image         = Event Quest Windtrace.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Windtrace/2022-01-13
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[Windtrace/2022-01-13|Windtrace]] event.
|characters    = Gygax; Katheryne (Mondstadt); Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Windtrace (Quest)''''' is the starting [[Quest]] for the [[Windtrace]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Katheryne]]
# Talk to [[Gygax]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* This quest can be completed without talking to Katheryne and only talking to Gygax.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Gygax]] from Mondstadt seems to be trying to drum up some interest in a certain game...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Katheryne)
:'''Katheryne:''' Welcome, adventurer. How have your travels been going thus far?
:{{DIcon}} They've gone alright, I think.
::'''Katheryne:''' That's good. You're well on your way to becoming a truly amazing adventurer.
::'''Katheryne:''' Ah, yes, if you're interested, you can go over to Gygax's and try the latest edition of Windtrace.
::{{DIcon}} Does this have anything to do with the Adventurers' Guild?
:{{DIcon}} Are there any new commissions?
::'''Katheryne:''' Not at the moment, no.
::'''Katheryne:''' But if you're interested, you can go over to Gygax's and try the latest edition of Windtrace.
::{{DIcon}} Does this have anything to do with the Adventurers' Guild?
:'''Katheryne:''' Well, Gygax has actually put up a commission for us to help him look for people to test Windtrace...
:'''Katheryne:''' So I suppose you could call the two matters related from that perspective.
:'''Katheryne:''' In any case, give it a go if you're willing. According to adventurers who have previously played it, it's actually quite fun...

;(Talk to Gygax)
:'''Gygax:''' Hey there, fancy trying your hand at Windtrace?
:{{DIcon}} What's Windtrace?
::'''Gygax:''' I'm glad you asked. Windtrace is a game that's all about Mondstadt's history!
::'''Gygax:''' I suppose you've heard of the aristocrats who once lived in Mondstadt City?
::'''Gygax:''' They were tyrants, and their rule was brutal. Words cannot do justice to the way that people suffered at their hands...
::'''Gygax:''' To fight back against their oppression, a group of brave citizens came together and formed an underground resistance.
::'''Gygax:''' These valiant rebels engaged in operations throughout the city, becoming a major thorn in the side of the aristocrats.
::'''Gygax:''' But the aristocrats retaliated, quickly training up their own team of henchmen to suppress the rebels.
::'''Gygax:''' And so, the rebels fought duel after duel with the aristocrats' lackeys all across Mondstadt.
::'''Gygax:''' Windtrace takes its inspiration from this thrilling chapter of Mondstadt's history! And it used to be quite popular, too...
::{{DIcon}} Used to be?
::'''Gygax:''' Sadly, yes. Young people these days don't seem very interested in the game...
::'''Gygax:''' But I can't let Windtrace fade into obscurity. So, I tweaked the rules a little to make it easier to get into and more fun.
::'''Gygax:''' I also added a whole load of brand-new maps in. Hopefully, this will help to attract more people...
::{{DIcon}} Play Windtrace.
::;(Opens Windtrace Matching Menu)
::{{DIcon}} Leave.
::'''Gygax:''' Alright, well, if you're ever interested to try it out, you know where to find me.
:{{DIcon}}  So, what's the situation with Windtrace?
::'''Gygax:''' I previously got some people to do a round of play-testing for Windtrace. Some of them were extremely good. Made a real impression on me, in fact.
::'''Gygax:''' But a lot of people said that the game was pretty tough. Either it was Rebels claiming that they had few escape options, or it was the Hunters complaining that they couldn't find anyone.
::'''Gygax:''' Some even griped that you have to be very familiar with each map to play properly, and asked that I simplify the gameplay.
::'''Gygax:''' *sigh* I don't know who to listen to, so I decided to invite another batch of people to play-test the game, and I'll hear what they have to say.
::;([[Windtrace/2021-05-14#Tutorial|Windtrace Gameplay Tutorial]])
::'''Gygax:''' Heh. But don't take my word for it &mdash; try it out for yourself!
::{{DIcon}} Play Windtrace.
::;(Opens Windtrace Matching Menu)
::{{DIcon}} Leave.
::'''Gygax:''' Alright, well, if you're ever interested to try it out, you know where to find me.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Windtrace
|zhs     = 风行迷踪
|zhs_rm  = Fēngxíng mízōng
|zht     = 風行迷蹤
|zht_rm  = Fēngxíng mízōng
|zh_tl   = Lost Traces of the Rambling Wind
|ja      = 風の行方
|ja_rm   = Kaze no yukue
|ja_tl   = Wind's Whereabouts
|ko      = 바람의 행방
|ko_rm   = Baram-ui Haengbang
|ko_tl   = Wind's Whereabouts
|es      = Cazadores y rebeldes
|es_tl   = Hunters and Rebels
|fr      = Poursuite du vent
|fr_tl   = Wind Pursuit
|ru      = По следам ветра
|ru_tl   = On the Wind's Trace
|th      = เส้นทางแห่งสายลม
|th_rm   = Senthang Haeng Sailom
|th_tl   = Path of the Wind
|vi      = Cơn Gió Lạc Lối
|vi_tl   = The Astray Wind
|de      = Windflucht
|de_tl   = Wind Escape
|id      = Jejak Sang Angin
|id_tl   = The Wind Trace
|pt      = Labirinto de Vento
|pt_tl   = Wind Maze
|tr      = Rüzgar Labirenti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cacciavento
|it_tl   = Windhunter
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

[[ja:風の行方（任務）]]
[[pt-br:Labirinto de Vento (Missão)]]
[[ru:По следам ветра (задание)]]