{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Tutorial Adventure Wind Currents.png
|type         = Exploration
}}
'''Wind Currents''', also referred to as '''Upcurrents''', create an updraft which players can use as a jumping point to start gliding, gain altitude while gliding, or restore some [[Stamina]] while gliding.

==Creation==
Some devices can create temporary wind currents. All [[Anemo Amber]]s and some [[Anemo Monument]]s, [[Windmill Mechanism]]s, and [[Pressure Plate]]s create Wind Currents when activated. [[Anemograna]], as well as the gadget [[Wind Catcher]], can also be used to create temporary Wind Currents. Defeating a [[Large Anemo Slime]] also produces a small temporary Wind Current.

Notably, [[Venti]]'s Elemental Skill (after activating the passive talent, [[Embrace of Winds]]) serves the purpose of a Wind Current.

While gliding around mountains in Liyue, the player may occasionally be boosted into the air by a Wind Current that randomly spawns on their location. These random currents are temporary, and despawn soon after.

The player consumes no stamina while gliding through them, thus allowing the player to 'rest' at the top to regain stamina. Temporary upcurrents can be created by collecting [[Anemograna]], by using gadgets such as a [[Wind Catcher]] or with characters such as [[Venti]].

The [[Wind Ring Balloon]] can create a wind current flowing downward.

==Locations==
* Many Wind Currents can be found at fixed locations in [[Stormterror's Lair]]. The updrafts are temporary but recurring.
* Wind Currents that last briefly manifest periodically in [[Huaguang Stone Forest]] and the larger [[Minlin]] region under gliding players.
* There is a tall wind current south of Vennessa's tree at [[Windrise]]. Occasionally, [[Pudgy Pyrotechnicians]] will be located at this wind current.
* There is a temporary but recurring tall wind current on the rocks in the southeastern part of [[Falcon Coast]] at sea level, near the entrance to [[Lost Treasure of Arcadia]] (the [[Quest Domain]] in Kaeya's [[Story Quest]], [[Pavo Ocellus Chapter]], Act I). There are also [[Anemo Ring]]s that can boost the player higher than the wind current.
* There is a tall wind current leading to the [[Time Tunnel]] at [[Cape Oath]].

==Domains==
Wind Currents also feature extensively in domains:
*[[The Reward for Courage is Flight]] ([[Amber]]'s Story Quest Domain)
*[[The Wonderful World Of Mr. Cyclops]] ([[Tartaglia]]'s Story Quest Domain)
*[[Twisted Realm]] ([[Energy Amplifier Initiation]] Event Domain)
*[[Joururi Workshop]] ([[Trounce Domain]])

==See also==
* [[Vacuum Field]]
* [[Ghostfish]]

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Exploration Navbox}}

[[ja:風域]]