{{About|Quest|the [[event]]|Windtrace}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 
|title         = Windtrace
|image         = Event Quest Windtrace.png
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = City of Mondstadt
|event_name    = Windtrace/2022-12-23
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 20
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|4}}
* Unlocks the [[Windtrace/2022-12-23|Windtrace]] event.
|characters    = Gygax; Paimon; Traveler
}}
'''''Windtrace (Quest)''''' is the starting [[Quest]] for the [[Windtrace]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Gygax]]

==Gameplay Notes==

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Gygax]] from Mondstadt seems to be busy with something...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Gygax)
:'''Gygax:''' Hey there, fancy trying your hand at Windtrace?
:{{DIcon}} Still looking for people to have a go at it, huh?
::'''Gygax:''' Oh, it's you! I was really impressed with the technique you exhibited the last time you played Windtrace.
::'''Gygax:''' Though you seem to be adept at the game, a lot of people say that the game is pretty tough. Be it Rebels claiming that they have few escape options, or the Hunters complaining that they can't find anyone.
::'''Gygax:''' Some people also complained to me that the Rebels caught by the Hunters have utterly nothing to do until the end of the game, and can only watch from the side, which is really boring for them...
::'''Gygax:''' *sigh* I don't know who to listen to, so I decided to invite another batch of people to play-test the game and share their feedback.
:{{DIcon}} What's Windtrace?
::'''Gygax:''' I'm glad you asked. Windtrace is a game that's all about Mondstadt's history!
::'''Gygax:''' I suppose you've heard of the aristocrats who once lived in the city of Mondstadt?
::'''Gygax:''' They were tyrants, and their rule was brutal. Words cannot do justice to the way that people suffered at their hands...
::'''Gygax:''' To fight back against their oppression, a group of brave citizens came together and formed an underground resistance.
::'''Gygax:''' These valiant rebels engaged in operations throughout the city, becoming a major thorn in the side of the aristocrats.
::'''Gygax:''' But the aristocrats retaliated, quickly training up their own team of henchmen to suppress the rebels.
::'''Gygax:''' And so, the rebels fought duel after duel with the aristocrats' lackeys all across Mondstadt.
::'''Gygax:''' Windtrace takes its inspiration from this thrilling chapter of Mondstadt's history! And it used to be quite popular, too...
::{{DIcon}} Used to be?
::'''Gygax:''' Sadly, yes. Young people these days don't seem very interested in the game...
::'''Gygax:''' But I can't let Windtrace fade into obscurity. So, I tweaked the rules a little to make it easier to get into and more fun.
::'''Gygax:''' I also added a whole load of brand-new maps in. Hopefully, this will help to attract more people...
:'''Gygax:''' Heh. But don't take my word for it &mdash; try it out for yourself!
:;([[Windtrace/2022-12-23#Tutorial|Windtrace Gameplay Tutorial]])
:{{DIcon}} Play Windtrace.
::;(Opens Windtrace Matching Menu)
:{{DIcon}} Leave.
::'''Gygax:''' Alright, well, if you're ever interested to try it out, you know where to find me.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Windtrace
|zhs     = 风行迷踪
|zhs_rm  = Fēngxíng mízōng
|zht     = 風行迷蹤
|zht_rm  = Fēngxíng mízōng
|zh_tl   = Lost Traces of the Rambling Wind
|ja      = 風の行方
|ja_rm   = Kaze no yukue
|ja_tl   = Wind's Whereabouts
|ko      = 바람의 행방
|ko_rm   = Baram-ui Haengbang
|ko_tl   = Wind's Whereabouts
|es      = Cazadores y rebeldes
|es_tl   = Hunters and Rebels
|fr      = Poursuite du vent
|fr_tl   = Wind Pursuit
|ru      = По следам ветра
|ru_tl   = On the Wind's Trace
|th      = เส้นทางแห่งสายลม
|th_rm   = Senthang Haeng Sailom
|th_tl   = Path of the Wind
|vi      = Cơn Gió Lạc Lối
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Windflucht
|de_tl   = Wind Escape
|id      = Jejak Sang Angin
|id_tl   = The Wind Trace
|pt      = Labirinto de Vento
|pt_tl   = Wind Maze
|tr      = Rüzgar Labirenti
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Cacciavento
|it_tl   = Windhunter
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}
[[pt-br:Labirinto de Vento (Missão 3.3)]]