{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20743
|type          = World
|image         = World Quest Windrise, Windfall.png
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Windwail Highland
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]]
|startLocation = [[Dawn Winery]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Elzer; Traveler
|exp           = 100
|mora          = 10,000
|rep           = Mondstadt
|repAmt        = 20
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|8}}
}}
'''Windrise, Windfall''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
Talk to [[Elzer]] inside of the [[Dawn Winery]] to start the quest.
# Talk to Elzer
#Clear the main road of any monsters and obstacles (0/3)
#Talk to Elzer

==Idle Quotes==
*"What a tricky situation..." -Elzer

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The recent storms have been affecting business at [[Dawn Winery]], so [[Elzer]] is trying his best to come up with ideas to get things back in order...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Start the quest by talking to Elzer)
:'''Elzer:''' This storm really is annoying...
:{{DIcon}} Is something the matter?
:'''Elzer:''' Hmm? Oh, it's you, Traveler. Master Diluc mentioned you. Said you were an experienced and skilled adventurer...
:'''Elzer:''' Ahem... I'm going off topic. So, did you come to the Dawn Winery to pick some wine?
:'''Elzer:''' Sorry, but this is a bad time. Due to the storms, the three roads leading out of the winery have all been rendered impassable.
:'''Elzer:''' The Knights of Favonius were able to clear the obstacles blown in by the wind quickly, but the nearby monsters have all gathered on the road for some reason.
:'''Elzer:''' People can go around the area, but it is impassable to cargo-carrying carts. We can't move any of our wine out, and the ingredients we ordered can't come in. It is most frustrating...
:'''Elzer:''' But I've heard of your exploits, and I know of your skills, so perhaps...
:'''Elzer:''' If you would, could you get those three roads reopened?
:{{DIcon}} Leave it to me.
::'''Elzer:''' Wonderful. Thank you for your willingness to assist. I have marked the three merchant routes on your map. Please help us out.
:{{DIcon}} There are other things I must attend to...
::'''Elzer:''' Is that so... Then I must find some other way to resolve this problem. <small>(does not accept the quest)</small>
----
;(Talk to Elzer again, before clearing the roads)
:'''Elzer:''' If our winery's business remains closed for any longer, how will I face Master Diluc...
:'''Elzer:''' Traveler, if you meet Master Diluc, could you tell him about this?
:'''Elzer:''' It just won't do, the way he just leaves the winery to its own devices all the time.
----
;(Talk to Elzer after clearing the roads)
:'''Elzer:''' Have you cleared the merchant roads out?
:{{DIcon}} They're spick and span.
:'''Elzer:''' That's great. Our winery's business can gradually resume now.
:'''Elzer:''' Honestly, I should have reported this matter to Master Diluc...
:'''Elzer:''' But he's upped and disappeared. I've searched high and low for him all over the winery, but no one knows where he's gone.
:'''Elzer:''' Adelinde said something like "Master Diluc has gone to attend to a personal matter," but refused to say anything more. She didn't even look worried.
:'''Elzer:''' *sigh* Forget it. Once he's back, I will have a good talk with him...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = av9-Dra697s
|caption1 = Windrise, Windfall Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Windrise, Windfall
|zhs     = 风起风息
|zhs_rm  = Fēng Qǐ Fēng Xī
|zht     = 風起風息
|zht_rm  = Fēng Qǐ Fēng Xí
|zh_tl   = Wind Rises, Wind Rests
|ja      = 吹いては止まる風
|ja_rm   = Fuite wa Tomaru Kaze
|ja_tl   = Blowing Stopping Wind
|ko      = 불어오는 바람, 그친 바람
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Un problema con el viento
|es_tl   = A Problem With the Wind
|fr      = Problèmes logistiques
|fr_tl   = Logistical Problems
|ru      = Проблема с ветром
|ru_tl   = A Problem With the Wind
|th      = ลมเพลมพัด
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gió Nổi Gió Ngừng
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wind und Stille
|de_tl   = Wind and Silence
|id      = Angin Pembawa Berita
|id_tl   = News-Carrier Wind
|pt      = Um problema com o vento
|pt_tl   = A Problem With the Wind
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}