{{Talent Infobox
|image         = Talent Wind's Grand Ode.png
|character     = Venti
|type          = Elemental Burst
|info          = Fires off an arrow made of countless coalesced winds, creating a huge [[Vacuum Field|Stormeye]] that sucks in opponents and deals continuous {{Color|Anemo DMG}}.<br /><br />'''[[Elemental Absorption]]'''<br />If the Stormeye comes into contact with {{Hydro}}/<wbr>{{Pyro}}/<wbr>{{Cryo}}/<wbr>{{Electro}}, it will deal additional {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}} of that type.<br />Elemental Absorption may only occur once per use.
|utility1      = Elemental Absorption
|utility2      = Vacuum Field
|utility3      = AoE
|utility4      = Effects Retained Character Fallen
|energyCost    = 60
|CD            = 15s
|duration      = 8s
|attr1         = DoT
|value1        = 37.6-80%
|attr2         = Additional Elemental DMG
|value2        = 18.8-40%
|scale_att1    = ATK
}}
{{Description|Many hymns written in praise of the Anemo Archon have been lost to time. This one sings of his mastery over the wind.}}
'''Wind's Grand Ode''' is [[Venti]]'s [[Elemental Burst]].

==Gameplay Notes==
* The Stormeye deals 20× {{Color|Anemo DMG}} within 8 seconds.
* Elemental Absorption deals 50% of damage over time as extra {{Color|Black|Elemental DMG}} of the absorbed element.
* {{TalentNote|icd|DoT|1|3}}
* {{TalentNote|icd|Additional Elemental DMG|1|3}}
* The Elemental Absorption takes ~1 second to happen: if this skill is used on a target affected by an element, the 3 first damage ticks will not benefit from the Elemental Absorption.
* This skill does not lift enemies more than 20 levels higher than Venti.
* This skill does not pull items created by the player, like bombs from [[Jumpy Dumpty]] or [[Guoba]].
* The Stormeye can pull in certain heavy enemies that are [[Frozen]] (see table).
* {{TalentNote|character=Venti|talent=Wind's Grand Ode|ascension|2|Stormeye}}

;<big>Constellation Effects</big>
* {{TalentNote|constellation|3|Ode to Thousand Winds}}
* {{TalentNote|constellation|6|Storm of Defiance}}

;<big>Displacement of Enemies</big>
The following is a table of Wind's Grand Ode's effect on various enemies in the game. Large displacement means the Stormeye will rapidly clump enemies together and lift them (if Venti's level is high enough). Small displacement means the Stormeye will slowly clump them together but not lift them.
<table class="article-table">
<tr><th>Effect</th><th>Enemies</th></tr>
<tr>
<td>Large displacement + lifting</td>
<td>[[Slimes]], [[Hilichurls]], [[Treasure Hoarders]], [[Fatui Cicin Mages]] (no shield),<ref group="Note">In general, when the enemy is shielded, the Stormeye does not appear to [[displacement|displace]] them, but may still do damage.</ref> [[Fatui Agents]], [[Mirror Maiden]],<ref group="Note">When the Mirror Maiden is not surrounded by her Hydro crystals, which appear to increase her [[Interruption Resistance]], she can be lifted by Skyward Sonnet and trapped inside Venti's Stormeye. Otherwise, when the Mirror Maiden is surrounded by the crystals, the Stormeye appears to not displace her, though it can still damage her.</ref> [[Whopperflowers]] (no shield), [[Nobushi]],<ref group="Note" name='heavy'>It can be done if one uses Wind's Grand Ode followed by [[Skyward Sonnet]] while it is trapped in the Stormeye.</ref> [[Unusual Hilichurl]],<ref group="Note" name='heavy' /> [[Riftwolves|Rifthound Whelps]]</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Small displacement</td>
<td>[[Mitachurls]], [[Fatui Skirmishers]], [[Abyss Lectors]], [[Abyss Heralds]], [[Ruin Guard]]s (Frozen), [[Lawachurls]] (Frozen), [[Kairagi]], [[Geovishaps]]</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>No displacement</td>
<td>[[Bosses]], [[Hydro Mimics]]</td>
</tr>
</table>
{{clr}}

==Preview==
{{Preview
|file    = Wind's Grand Ode Preview
}}

==Attribute Scaling==
{{Talent Scaling
|talentType=Elemental Burst
|levels=14
|order=dot,additionalelementaldmg,duration,cd,energycost
|titles=DoT (%),Additional Elemental DMG (%),Duration,CD,Energy Cost
|dot_1=37.6
|dot_2=40.42
|dot_3=43.24
|dot_4=47
|dot_5=49.82
|dot_6=52.64
|dot_7=56.4
|dot_8=60.16
|dot_9=63.92
|dot_10=67.68
|dot_11=71.44
|dot_12=75.2
|dot_13=79.9
|dot_14=84.6
|additionalelementaldmg_1=18.8
|additionalelementaldmg_2=20.21
|additionalelementaldmg_3=21.62
|additionalelementaldmg_4=23.5
|additionalelementaldmg_5=24.91
|additionalelementaldmg_6=26.32
|additionalelementaldmg_7=28.2
|additionalelementaldmg_8=30.08
|additionalelementaldmg_9=31.96
|additionalelementaldmg_10=33.84
|additionalelementaldmg_11=35.72
|additionalelementaldmg_12=37.6
|additionalelementaldmg_13=39.95
|additionalelementaldmg_14=42.3
|duration=8s
|cd=15s
|energycost=60
}}

==Talent Leveling==
{{Talent Upgrade|Venti}}

==Voice-Overs==
{{Talent VO}}

==Trivia==
*When Nobushi were released, Wind's Grand Ode was unable to lift them.
**In [[Version 2.1]], the [[weight]] of Nobushi was decreased, enabling Wind's Grand Ode to lift them when used with Skyward Sonnet.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wind's Grand Ode
|zhs     = 风神之诗
|zhs_rm  = Fēngshén zhī Shī
|zht     = 風神之詩
|zht_rm  = Fēngshén zhī Shī
|zh_tl   = Ode of the Anemo Archon
|ja      = 風神の詩
|ja_rm   = Fuujin no Uta<ref>YouTube: [https://youtu.be/cRL6LdEXUqo {{Ja|チュートリアル動画 　ウェンティ「高天の歌」（ナレーション 津田健次郎}}ver.{{Ja|）}}]</ref>
|ja_tl   = Poem of the Wind God
|ko      = 바람신의 시
|ko_rm   = Baramsin-ui Si
|ko_tl   = Poem of the Wind God
|es      = Gran Oda del Viento
|es_tl   = Great Ode of the Wind
|fr      = Ode au Vent
|fr_tl   = Ode to the Wind
|ru      = Великая ода ветру
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Wind's Grand Ode
|vi      = Bài Thơ Thần Gió
|vi_tl   = Poem of the Wind God
|de      = Ode vom Anemo-Archon
|de_tl   = Ode of the Anemo Archon
|id      = Wind's Grand Ode
|pt      = Grande Ode do Vento
|pt_tl   = Wind's Grand Ode
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Talent Navbox|Venti}}

[[es:Gran Oda del Viento]]
[[ja:風神の詩]]
[[pt-br:Grande Ode do Vento]]
[[th:Wind's Grand Ode]]