{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70009
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Ode to Flower and Cloud]]
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 20
|other         = {{Card|Hero's Wit|2}}
|characters    = Blanche; Flora; Lily; Paimon; Traveler; Viktor
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
}}
'''Windblumes and Snowflakes''' is a World Quest unlocked after completing [[Dream of Wind and Flowers]] in the [[Invitation of Windblume]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Viktor]]
# Talk to [[Lily]]
# Head to Mondstadt's market district
# Talk to [[Blanche]]
# Place [[Fowl]] into the bowl
# Talk to Lily
# Report back to Blanche
# Talk to [[Flora]]
# Go to [[Good Hunter]]
## Obtain [[Tea Break Pancake Cooked by Lily]]
# Go back to the [[Favonius Cathedral|Cathedral]]
# Talk to Viktor

==Notes==
* Scaring the dog away does not affect the quest: Lily will still act as if it were there, and the Fowl still disappears from the plate. The dialogue with Blanche does not change either.
* Eating the pancake Lily made does not affect Viktor's dialogue, as the pancake added to your inventory was the portion Lily made for you.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Viktor seems to have run into a small issue during the Windblume Festival}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Viktor)
:'''Lily:''' Mister, are you Fatooey not celebrating the Weedplume Festival?
:'''Viktor:''' I, uh, probably won't...?
:{{DIcon}} And what are you up to?
:'''Viktor:''' Who, me? Oh, it's you. Come on, why are you giving me that look of suspicion again?
:'''Viktor:''' I was just talking to that kid. I wasn't going to do anything bad!
:{{DIcon}} Seems like you Fatui really don't celebrate the Windblume Festival.
:'''Lily:''' Wait, what about you? Are you not gonna enjoy the Weedplume Festival either?
:'''Viktor:''' Well, I'm sure that Mondstadt's Honorary Knight has a great many duties to attend to during the Windblume Festival. Isn't that right?
:{{DIcon}} You're looking very smug, what are you up to?
:'''Viktor:''' Ahem... nothing, nothing. And speaking of nothing, if you haven't got anything else to do, why don't you do me a quick favor?
:'''Viktor:''' This kid's parents have gone out shopping amid the festival, so she's been left here in the care of the sisters.
:'''Viktor:''' But as you know, everyone's got their own fair share of business to attend to because of the festivities, even the sisters. They've got no time to play with the girl.
:'''Viktor:''' And that's how she latched on to me. But as you must also surely know, I can't simply leave the Cathedral, so the only thing I can do is talk to her.
:'''Viktor:''' What a shame, that even in this I must withstand the stares of that sister over there...
:'''Viktor:''' I'll wager that she's thinking "oh, I wonder what that evil Fatui schemer has in mind this time" or something right about now.
:'''Viktor:''' Hmph. So, to get that sister off my back, and for the psychological well-being of this child...
:'''Viktor:''' Might our glorious, righteous Honorary Knight deign to take this child out to play?
:{{DIcon}} Yeah, yeah, I got your point.
::'''Viktor:''' Oh ho, how very straightforward. But then again, you're the Honorary Knight! How silly of me, to think that you might quibble with me for some remuneration...
:{{DIcon}} Aw, all you want is for her to go out and have some fun, eh?
::'''Viktor:''' You... Agh, whatever. I'm with the Fatui. We're villains, got it? No bleeding hearts around here.
:'''Viktor:''' Just... Go on, shoo. Take that kid and go off to play. She's killing me over here.
:'''Viktor:''' As for me... I'll just be over here, getting a hole drilled into the back of my skull by these sisters...
:'''Viktor:''' *sigh* When will these days finally come to an end?
;(Talk to Viktor again)
:'''Viktor:''' The Windblume Festival... Hmph. It's got nothing to do with me either way.
;(Talk to Lily)
:'''Lily:''' Why can't that Mister Fatooey go to the Weedplume Festival?
:{{DIcon}} He's got important work to do.
::'''Lily:''' Impotent work? Even more impotent than the Weedplume Fesitval?
:{{DIcon}} I don't think Fatui can take part in the Windblume Festival.
::'''Lily:''' Why not? Is it because the Fatooey are bad, bad people? Dadda says that they don't brush their teeth before they sleep and eat with their hands...
::'''Lily:''' Mm... I guess they are bad people, then. I'm sure that Fatooey's Dadda would be mad, too...
:'''Lily:''' But even if that Fatooey's done a lot of bad, bad things, he can become a good person again if he changes, right?
:'''Lily:''' I'm going to tell him that if he becomes a good person, he can take part in the Weedplume Festival!
:{{DIcon}} That man's really busy right now. Let's go out and play first, alright?
:'''Lily:''' Oh... okay. Can you take me out to play then?
:{{DIcon}} Sure can, just... not too far out, alright?
:'''Lily:''' Yay! Let's go, let's go!
;(Talk to Viktor again)
:'''Viktor:''' You seem to have had lots of fun chatting with that kid. I heard everything too, by the way.
:{{DIcon}} Mora for your thoughts?
:'''Viktor:''' They're the dreams of a little child. I've got nothing to say about them either way.
:'''Viktor:''' If the world was so easily divided into good and evil, then many things would...
:'''Viktor:''' ...Whatever. I'll say no more. Go take her out to play.
----
;(Upon arriving at the market district)
:'''Lily:''' Look, there are puppies over there!
:'''Paimon:''' Lily, wait up!
:'''Paimon:''' Lily seems to have run over to where Blanche is. Let's follow her and check that out.

;(Talk to Blanche)
:'''Blanche:''' Traveler? Is there something you need?
:'''Blanche:''' And... is that you, Lily? Why are you here? Where are your parents?
:'''Lily:''' Dadda and Mommy have something really impotent to do! That's why (he/she)'s bringing me around to play!
:'''Blanche:''' Something very important? Ah, [[Rudolf]] and [[Jilliana]], they...
:'''Lily:''' Big sis, what happened to those puppies from earlier?
:'''Blanche:''' Oh, the puppies? Um, I'm not very sure myself, actually. They usually hide in their kennel and only show up when I put food in their bowl.
:'''Blanche:''' Maybe it's all this noise around us that's driven them out?
:'''Blanche:''' Do you want to play with them, Lily?
:'''Lily:''' Yup! I do! I wanna play with them!
:'''Blanche:''' Huh... Let me think. I don't think looking for them is going to do us any good... Perhaps you could put some food into that bowl. Let's see if that attracts them.
:'''Blanche:''' I think some [[Fowl]] would do the trick best.
:'''Lily:''' Eh? But where are we gonna find some...
:{{DIcon}} I can take care of that.
:'''Lily:''' Really? Thank you! Then let's go feed the puppies!
----
;(Talk to Lily after placing the Fowl)
:'''Lily:''' Come on, puppies, we've got good food...
:'''Lily:''' Wow! They're here, they're here! I wanna pet them...
:'''''Lily and the puppies play together for a while'''''
:'''Lily:''' Aw, they're so soft and fluffy. Mister Fatooey said that he has lots of puppies back home, too!
:'''Lily:''' But he said that his puppies are really, really big and really, really furry. I bet they're so nice to pet...
----
;(Talk to Blanche)
:'''Blanche:''' Ah, Lily, Traveler, you're back. Did you find the puppies?
:{{DIcon}} Yup.
:'''Lily:''' We sure did! Thanks, big sis! We had so much fun!
:'''Blanche:''' That's good. Oh, yes, if the two of you have some time, you could go over to Flora's.
:'''Blanche:''' It's the Windblume Festival, after all. It would be good to bring a bouquet of flowers back with you, wouldn't it?
:'''Lily:''' Wow... that's true! I wanna go...
:{{DIcon}} Say no more, let's be off!
:'''Lily:''' Yaaaay! Thanks!
----
;(Talk to Flora)
:'''Flora:''' Hehe. How are you? Here to buy flowers?
:'''Lily:''' Wow, there are so many of them...
:'''Flora:''' Hmm, Lily? Why are you out with the Traveler?
:'''Lily:''' Dadda and Mommy have something really impotent to do! That's why (he/she)'s bringing me around to play!
:'''Flora:''' Important things, huh? Well, I've certainly got a few ideas about what that might be...
:'''Flora:''' But never mind that. Do you two need anything?
:{{DIcon}} Just here to look at the flowers.
:'''Flora:''' Just here to look, huh? Hmm, how about this. I happen to have a Dandelion with me right now. Here, Lily, this is for you.
:'''Lily:''' Really? Thanks!
:{{DIcon}} That was sudden...
:'''Flora:''' Well, Rudolf has actually ordered a huge bouquet to give to Jilliana...
:'''Flora:''' Giving out a complimentary Dandelion isn't much in comparison.
:'''Lily:''' This Dandelion's so pwetty... But I gotta get back soon, or Dadda and Mommy are going to worry when they don't see me...
:'''Lily:''' Wait. Before we go back... Do you know where we can find a great big wok, big (bro/sis)?
:'''Lily:''' I've seen Mommy make pancakes before, and I'd like to make you some too, as thanks for taking me out to play!

;(After talking to Lily)
:'''Paimon:''' A big wok... in the city... There's gotta be one at Good Hunter. Let's head over there.
----
;(Approach Good Hunter)
:'''Lily:''' Yup, that's the wok, alright! Wait for me!
:'''Lily:''' Gotta stand on a chair... Could you help me get a chair?
:'''''Lily stands on the chair and makes Tea Break Pancakes under the watchful eye of the Traveler...'''''
:'''Lily:''' Alright, it's done! I've got three pancakes right here. One for you, one for me, and one for Mister Fatooey!
:'''Lily:''' Alright then, let's go back!
:;(Obtain [[Tea Break Pancake Cooked by Lily]])
----
;(Talk to Viktor)
:'''Viktor:''' Finally back, are you? Great timing, I was just getting tired of that sister looking at me like I colluded with you to do something to Lily...
:'''Viktor:''' But at least that kid's not&mdash;
:'''Lily:''' Mister! Here, this is for you!
:'''Viktor:''' A Dandelion and a pancake? This...
:{{DIcon}} It's a gift.
:'''Viktor:''' A... a gift? This Dandelion's barely got anything more than its stalk left, and the pancake...
:{{DIcon}} Lily made it herself.
:'''Viktor:''' ...It looks... Why, it looks pretty good! Never would have thought you had it in you, kid...
:'''Lily:''' Hehe, I learned from Mommy! Once you've eaten it, I wanna hear more of your stories, Mister!
:'''Viktor:''' You still want to hear my...
:'''Viktor:''' Alright. Since you've given me a gift, I'll tell you a few more.
:'''Lily:''' Hooray! Then I want to hear... about the Fatooey!
:'''Viktor:''' *cough* I... No, it's... Those stories aren't very interesting, you know? I'll think of something better, just you wait!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Windblumes and Snowflakes
|zhs     = 风花与雪花
|zhs_rm  = Fēnghuā yǔ Xuěhuā
|zht     = 風花與雪花
|zht_rm  = Fēnghuā yǔ Xuěhuā
|zh_tl   = Wind-Flowers and Snowflakes
|zh_note = Windblumes and snowflakes are called "wind flowers" and "snow flowers" respectively in Chinese, hence the wordplay of the Chinese title of the quest.
|ja      = 風花と雪花
|ja_rm   = Fuuka to Yukibana
|ja_tl   = Windblumes and Snowflakes
|ko      = 윈드블룸과 눈꽃
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Flores de viento y copos de nieve
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Alizées et flocons de neige
|fr_tl   = Trade Wind Flowers and Snowflakes
|fr_note = Here, the word "alizée" (feminine) is a coined word that comes from the word "alizé" (masculine) meaning "trade winds." In the context of the game, the word "alizée" (the feminine form) refers to a flower, so it can be translated to "trade wind flower" or "east wind flower."
|ru      = Снежинки и ветряные цветы
|ru_tl   = Snowflakes and Wind Flowers
|th      = ดอกไม้สายลมกับเกล็ดหิมะ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Hoa Gió Và Hoa Tuyết
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Windblumen und Schneeflocken
|de_tl   = Windblumes and Snowflakes
|id      = Windblume dan Snowflake
|id_tl   = Windblume and Snowflake
|pt      = Brisa Florescente e Flocos de Neve
|pt_tl   = Blooming Breeze and Snowflakes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}