{{Act Infobox
|image          = Story Card Lepus Chapter Act I.png
|type           = Story
|chapter        = Lepus Chapter
|actNum         = I
|character      = Amber
|ARReq          = 8
|archonQuestReq = [[Prologue]]: Act I - [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]]
}}
'''Wind, Courage, and Wings''' is the first act of [[Amber]]'s [[Story Quest]], the [[Lepus Chapter]]. In order to unlock this quest line, the player must have completed [[Prologue]]: Act I - [[The Outlander Who Caught the Wind]] and reached [[Adventure Rank]] 8.

During the act, [[Amber]] helps the [[Traveler]] obtain their gliding license by taking her test.

==List of Quests==
#[[Glide With the Wind]]
#[[License to Glide]]
#[[Mondstadt Glider]]
#[[They Call Him Raptor]]
#[[Outrider Style]]

==Summary==
===Glide With the Wind===
The Traveler runs into Amber, who asks them how their gliding is going. She tells them that she had forgotten to inform them that they needed a gliding license to glide around [[Mondstadt]], despite having done so without one previously. The license can only be obtained after completing an exam which she would oversee, as she gave them their glider in the first place and gives them a guidebook. Apparently the book she gave to them at first was [[Wind, Courage, and Wings (Book)|her favorite storybook]] by mistake.

===License to Glide===
After studying [[Gliding Instruction Manual|the "real" guidebook]], the Traveler completes the first test, upon which Amber tells them to meet her at [[Favonius Cathedral]]. While taking the test, they are spotted by [[Otto]], who orders them down and demands their glider license. The Traveler is unable to procure one as they are taking the exam, so the Knight prepares to arrest them for breaking the law. The Outrider then comes in and apologizes to him, explaining that she was overseeing their exam. Otto tells her that he had no ill intentions, as she chose a bad time to start the exam; a criminal named [[Raptor]] stole a priceless artifact which the Knights had placed to bait him, but he had unexpectedly escaped their grasp. As such, he mistook the Traveler to be Raptor's accomplice.

Amber offers to help apprehend the criminal, which the Knight accepts and he tells her that Raptor was last seen in [[Springvale]], with one of the sisters having placed an Anemo mark on the artifact. Upon arriving, they find several clues and hear fighting in the distance. To her disdain however, they simply find some [[Hilichurls]] attacking [[Farrah]], a merchant who was traveling on the road. Clearing the Hilichurls, Farrah tells Amber that a man had fallen from the sky into a Hilichurl camp with a heavy object in tow and fled the scene, which the Outrider recognizes as Raptor's doing. Amber promises to send some knights over to clear the remaining Hilichurl camps in the area as the two proceed to chase after criminal.

===Outrider Style===
Pressing on, they are ambushed by some Hilichurls and Raptor's men, just as the trail goes cold, indicating that he must be nearby and find his stronghold. Amber decides to modify the final exam by having the Traveler drop bombs on Hilichurls on the way, which they successfully accomplish. They soon find Raptor at a dead end, with a massive gap between them. Raptor tries to goad the pair into leaving, but Amber is unwilling to give up and jumps into the canyon, a wind current carrying her to his location. The criminal is flabbergasted and tries to escape, but Amber is able to apprehend him. She realized that he could not escape from behind, so the only way to do so was to force the three to leave.

Amber proceeds to take Raptor to the Knights' HQ to press him. The Traveler and Paimon soon catch up and meet with Amber at the Cathedral, where she gives them their gliding license. She also reveals that she is signing them up for the next Wind Gliding Championship, as no one is able to best her and she needs a challenge. She is eager for their match and reminds them not to get their license revoked.

==Characters==
{{Character Appearances|Wind, Courage, and Wings|type=Story Quest}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|zhs     = 风、勇气和翅膀
|zhs_rm  = Fēng, Yǒngqì hé Chìbǎng
|zht     = 風、勇氣和翅膀
|zht_rm  = Fēng, Yǒngqì hàn Chìbǎng
|zh_tl   = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|ja      = 風、勇気と翼
|ja_rm   = Kaze, Yuuki to Tsubasa
|ja_tl   = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|ko      = 바람, 용기와 날개
|ko_rm   = Baram, Yonggiwa Nalgae
|ko_tl   = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|es      = Viento, coraje y alas
|es_tl   = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|fr      = Vents, Courage & Ailes
|fr_tl   = Winds, Courage & Wings
|ru      = Ветер, храбрость и крылья
|ru_tl   = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|th      = สายลม, ความกล้าและปีก
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Gió, Đôi Cánh Và {{tt|Dũng Khí|勇氣}}
|vi_tl   = Wind, Wings, and Courage
|de      = Von Wind, Tapferkeit und Flügeln
|de_tl   = About the Wind, Courage and Wings
|id      = Angin, Keberanian, dan Sayap
|id_tl   = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|pt      = Vento, Coragem e Asas
|pt_tl   = Wind, Courage, and Wings
|tr      = Rüzgar, Cesaret ve Kanatlar
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il vento, il coraggio e le ali
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Viento, coraje y alas]]
[[ja:風、勇気と翼]]