{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70000
|image         = 
|type          = World
|event_name    = Invitation of Windblume
|requirement   = Complete [[Dream of Wind and Flowers]]<br>Complete [[Windblumes and Snowflakes]] to take Flora's picture.
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|rewards       = Primogem*20;Hero's Wit*2;Mora*20,000
|characters    = Flora; Paimon; Sayid; Traveler
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
}}
'''''Windblume Research Report''''' is a World Quest unlocked after completing [[Dream of Wind and Flowers]] in the [[Invitation of Windblume]] event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Sayid]]
# Take a picture of the floral decorations in the fountain square
##Obtain [[Picture of Windblume Festival]] for every picture taken
# Take a picture of [[Flora]]
# Take a picture of the Anemo God statue in front of the [[Favonius Cathedral|Cathedral]]
# Give the pictures to [[Sayid]]

==Gameplay Notes==
# To take pictures, you need to use the Camera function in Paimon's menu - The [[Kamera]] gadget will not work.
# Step 3 - Take a picture of Flora will not progress if the quest [[Windblumes and Snowflakes]] is active at the same time.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The ever-studious researcher, Sayid from Sumeru, has become intrigued by the Windblume Festival.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Sayid)
:'''Sayid:''' What a romantic tradition. Now this is worth researching!
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Sayid:''' Oh, it's you, Traveler. Have you come to the library due to your interest in Mondstadt's romantic songs as well?
:'''Sayid:''' Still, words on a page can be read any time, but the history that happens all around us will slip by in but an instant.
:'''Sayid:''' The people of Mondstadt have many special rituals during this cozy, romantic time known as the [[Windblume Festival]].
:'''Sayid:''' What form do these traditions take, and what of the history behind them? They are both most promising research angles.
:'''Sayid:''' I'm currently writing a research report, and I believe that descriptions alone will not suffice. Could you help me take some pictures of the sights around the Windblume Festival?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Sayid:''' Thanks for helping with my research. I will certainly cite you in my acknowledgements.
:{{DIcon}} Best you go yourself.
::'''Sayid:''' No, no, I can't leave now. I just drafted the outline of my report. If I were to leave now, my train of thought would be interrupted.
:'''Sayid:''' I'm counting on you, Traveler. Thought it isn't much, I will prepare compensation for you.
:'''Sayid:''' All of the following deserve to be recorded: {{Color|buzzword|the floral decorations in the fountain plaza}}, {{Color|buzzword|the Anemo Archon statue adorned with flowers in front of the Cathedral}}, and the {{Color|buzzword|flower shop owner, hard at work}}.
:'''Sayid:''' Please help me take pictures of these sights, and pass those photos to me afterward.

;(Talk to Sayid again)
:'''Sayid:''' Perhaps I should call my paper the "Windblume Festival Report"... No, no, that's far too boring...
----
;(Take a picture near the main gate facing the flowery decorations in the sky above the fountain plaza)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that's those pictures taken. Oh, right, let's not forget to take a picture of Flora, too!
:;(Obtain [[Picture of Windblume Festival]])
:'''Paimon:''' We should ask her first, though. It would be rude to just take the picture otherwise.
:'''Paimon:''' Let's go talk to her about it.
----
;(Talk to Flora)
:'''Flora:''' Welcome to Floral Whisper. Do you need anything?
:{{DIcon}} So, about Sayid's photograph...
:'''Flora:''' Hmm, I suppose it's true that the Windblume Festival is unique to Mondstadt. The people of Sumeru probably don't celebrate it.
:'''Flora:''' He wants to take a picture of me and my flowers? Sure. Mr. Sayid really has a unique way of thinking. I suppose that's researchers for you, hehe.
;(After taking a picture facing the owner of the flower shop, hard at work)
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm, what else did we need to take photos of... Oh, right! The Anemo Archon statue in Cathedral, that's been all prettied up with flowers!
:;(Obtain [[Picture of Windblume Festival]])

;(Talk to Flora again)<!--only appears during this quest, but it might be wrong-->
:'''Flora:''' Welcome to Floral Whisper. We're always very busy during the Windblume Festival.
----
;(Take a picture facing the flower-adorned Anemo Archon statue before the Cathedral)
:;(Obtain [[Picture of Windblume Festival]])
:'''Paimon:''' Well, that's that. Let's get those pictures back to Sayid.
----
;(Give the pictures to Sayid)
:'''Sayid:''' Have you finished taking those pictures?
:{{DIcon}} Got them all right there.
:'''Sayid:''' Oh, these are very well shot. I'm sure that they'll come in handy in my research.
:'''Sayid:''' Seeing such lovely sights reminds me of the festivals in my hometown, [[Sumeru]]...
:{{DIcon}} What do you celebrate there?
:'''Sayid:''' Ah, I suppose you're not familiar with our traditions. Every year, we celebrate the [[Sabzeruz Festival]] to commemorate the birth of [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]].
:'''Sayid:''' But if we want to compare the atmosphere, I'd say that there's some difference between the festivities now and the ones back home...
:'''Sayid:''' Speaking of which, I wasn't able to take part in this year's Sabzeruz Festival either. It's been so long &mdash; I wonder how things are at the [[Sumeru Akademiya|Akademiya]] nowadays...
:'''Sayid:''' Well, I'm getting off-topic. Regardless, thank you for your help. Please accept these as payment.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Windblume Research Report
|zhs     = 风花节研究报告
|zhs_rm  = Fēnghuājié Yánjiū Bàogào
|zht     = 風花節研究報告
|zht_rm  = Fēnghuājié Yánjiù Bàogào
|zh_tl   = Wind-Flower Festival Research Report
|ja      = 風花祭研究報告
|ja_rm   = Windoburuumu-sai Kenkyuu Houkoku
|ja_tl   = Windblume Research Report
|ko      = 윈드블룸 축제 연구 리포트
|ko_tl   = Windblume Festival Research Report
|es      = Investigación sobre la flor de viento
|es_tl   = Investigation on the Wind Flower
|fr      = Recherches sur la Fête des alizées
|fr_tl   = Research on the {{Lex|Windblume|fr}} Festival
|ru      = Отчёт о Празднике ветряных цветов
|ru_tl   = {{Lexicon|Windblume Festival|ru}} Report
|th      = รายงานการวิจัยเทศกาล Windblume
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Báo Cáo Nghiên Cứu Lễ Hội Hoa Gió
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Windblumen-Forschungsbericht
|de_tl   = Windblume Research Report
|id      = Laporan Penelitian Windblume
|id_tl   = Windblume Research Report
|pt      = Relatório de Pesquisa do Festival da Brisa Florescente
|pt_tl   = Research Report of the Blooming Breeze Festival
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.4}}

[[pt-br:Relatório de Pesquisa do Festival da Brisa Florescente]]
[[ru:Отчёт о Празднике ветряных цветов]]