{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Wine-Stained Tricorne.png
|set   = Heart of Depth
|piece = Circlet of Logos
}}
{{Description|An ancient, wine-stained sea hat that still reeks of alcohol even now.}}
'''Wine-Stained Tricorne''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Heart of Depth]].

==Description==
A tricorne hat thick with the smell of alcohol.<br />Its shape and design symbolize the position of its owner.

The hard-drinking Chief Mate was lost in a drunken reverie from morning till night, and was rarely ever sober.<br />He reeked of alcohol all over, mumbling often of tattered memories.<br />The jovial Skipper did not reprimand him, however, and indeed kept giving him important responsibilities.

"Well, we are both people without a thing to our names, eh? Hahahaha!"

"The wine-sodden sea hat was thrust by a storm into the sky, and then carried away on the roiling waves"<br />"Those fated to lose their homelands engage in battles bereft of hope and want"<br />"That which they lost to the sea of memory, they sought to reclaim from the deep"

"The wind and waves are correct. We have found it."<br />"That giant creature that haunts and gnaws at me even in my dreams..."<br />"The time for vengeance has arrived. We set sail!"

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wine-Stained Tricorne
|zhs     = 酒渍船帽
|zhs_rm  = Jiǔzì Chuán Mào
|zht     = 酒漬船帽
|zht_rm  = Jiǔzì Chuán Mào
|zh_tl   = Wine-Stained Boat Hat
|ja      = 酒に漬けた帽子
|ja_rm   = Sake ni Tsuketa Boushi
|ja_tl   = Alcohol-Soaked Hat
|ko      = 술로 얼룩진 수병모
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Gorro de Capitán Manchado de Vino
|es_tl   = Captain's Wine-Stained Hat
|fr      = Calot taché de vin
|fr_tl   = Wine-Stained Cap
|ru      = Треуголка в пятнах вина
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = Wine-Stained Tricorne
|vi      = Mũ Đượm Rượu
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Weinverschmierte Kapitänsmütze
|de_tl   = Wine-Stained Captain's Hat
|id      = Wine-Stained Tricorne
|pt      = Quepe de Capitão Manchado de Vinho
|pt_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.2}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Heart of Depth}}