{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 20506
|type          = World
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Reach [[Adventure Rank]] 15
|startLocation = [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|characters    = Paimon; Timaeus; Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Wisdom of Ancient Civilizations''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[City of Mondstadt|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]].

==Steps==
#Talk to Timaeus about alchemy

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|It's been heard that Mondstadt's alchemy researcher [[Timaeus]] is trying to popularize the art.}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Timaeus)
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 01.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Greetings! I am Timaeus, researcher of alchemy. Welcome to Mondstadt!
:{{DIcon}} Alchemy?
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 02.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Alchemy is a craft that has been passed down since ancient times, but it is barely understood in the present.
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 03.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Its mechanisms are magical and mysterious, completely unlike the principles that shape our understanding of the physical world.
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 04.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' If we can get the hang of this, we should be able to create some pretty awesome stuff!
:{{A|vo tips alchemy paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This must be your alchemist's work bench?
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 05.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' That's right. Why not give it a go yourself?
:{{DIcon}} I don't know, it sounds complicated...
:{{DIcon}} I'm afraid I'll blow something up!
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 06.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' You'll be fine, the procedure is actually very simple. If you're interested, I can show you the basics?
:{{DIcon|Alchemy}} Craft
:{{A|vo tips alchemy paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Coooool!
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 07.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' All we are really doing is following the methods of the ancients as best we can.
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 08.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Much as one who uses a wind glider needs not understand how it was built in order to glide.
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 09.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' The difference with alchemy is that every time I think I finally understand how it's supposed to work, something totally unexpected happens...
:{{DIcon}} What other uses does alchemy have?
::{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 10a.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' To be honest with you, I just don't know.
:{{DIcon}} Can you conjure up a new Paimon using alchemy?
::{{A|vo tips alchemy paimon 03b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey! You shall have no other Paimon before this Paimon!
::{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 10b.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Hahaha! Unfortunately my skills are not that advanced.
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 11.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' There's a lot of other mysterious recipes I have to research first.
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 12.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Over the course of your adventures, you should come across some alchemists' notes from ancient civilizations.
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 13.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' And as your Adventure Rank increases, more recipes will become available to you.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks for the explanation.
::{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 14a.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' You're welcome. I look forward to hearing more about your exploits!
:{{DIcon}} The next time you hear from me I'll be a Paimon-conjuring alchemy wizard.
::{{A|vo tips alchemy paimon 04b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why are you so obsessed with other Paimons? Do I no longer satisfy your Paimonial needs?
::{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 14b.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Haha... You two are a fascinating pair I must say.
:{{A|vo tips alchemy timaeus 15.ogg}} '''Timaeus:''' Well, see you next time. May the wind bring you good fortune on your path ahead.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|
|en      = Wisdom of Ancient Civilizations
|zhs     = 古代文明的智慧
|zhs_rm  = Gǔdài Wénmíng de Zhìhuì
|zht     = 古代文明的智慧
|zht_rm  = Gǔdài Wénmíng de Zhìhuì
|zh_tl   = Wisdom of Ancient Civilizations
|ja      = 古代文明の知恵
|ja_rm   = Kodai Bunmei no Chie
|ja_tl   = Wisdom of Ancient Civilisations
|ko      = 고대 문명의 지혜
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Sabiduría de civilizaciones antiguas
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Sagesse des civilisations antiques
|fr_tl   = Wisdom of Ancient Civilizations
|ru      = Мудрость древних цивилизаций
|ru_tl   = 
|th      = ภูมิปัญญาของอารยธรรมโบราณ
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Trí Tuệ Của Nền Văn Minh Cổ Đại
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Das Wissen einer alten Zivilisation
|de_tl   = The Knowledge of An Old Civilization
|id      = Kebijaksanaan Peradaban Kuno
|id_tl   = Wisdom of the Ancient Civilizations
|pt      = Sabedoria das Civilizações Antigas
|pt_tl   = Wisdom of the Ancient Civilizations
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}