{{Artifact Infobox
|image = Item Wise Doctor's Pinion.png
|set   = Pale Flame
|piece = Plume of Death
}}
{{Description|An ominous pinion with edges of unsurpassed keenness. Perhaps it represents an unnaturally uninhibited nature.}}
'''Wise Doctor's Pinion''' is an [[Artifact]] in the set [[Pale Flame]].

==Description==
"A human is nothing more than a machine of a certain level of complexity."<br>
Thus declared [[The Doctor|the youth]] from his lectern in the [[Sumeru Akademiya|seedbed of wisdom]].<br>
If one were to disassemble a part of this machine and make enhancements to it,<br>
Its performance could be greatly amplified.<br>
With or without a [[Vision]], and irrespective of their physique or combat skills,<br>
"Enhanced humans" would surely display strength far beyond the average.

Despite the risk of being denounced as a heretic and permanently cast from the circle of the wise,<br>
The youth candidly jotted down these thoughts in the margins of his research notes:<br>
I. As anticipated, no research breakthroughs are possible, given the working style of the Akademiya.<br>
II. Nevertheless, being expelled would be a loss. One needs an environment conducive to research.

Following a trail of rumors of heresy, the [[Pierro|first of the Fatui]] tracked him down...

"Merely an enhanced human? If your great nation can furnish me with sufficient resources and ample time, I could even manufacture [[Everlasting Lord of Arcane Wisdom|that which you would call a god]]. What say you?"<br>
In the [[Great Red Sand|desert]] that shone bright like liquid gold, he inquired of the Snezhnayan diplomat:<br>
"Will you treat me like the Akademiya did? Will you call me a monster, a madman?"<br>
"Or will you treat me as my hometown did, and chase me away with pitchforks and clubs...?"

However...<br>
"Good. Then, we are now in partnership."<br>
"As for the matter of your title &mdash; what do you say to this..."<br>
Taken completely by surprise by the sheer irony of the title he was given, the young man burst into hysterical laughter.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Wise Doctor's Pinion
|zhs      = 贤医之羽
|zhs_rm   = Xiányī zhī Yǔ
|zht      = 賢醫之羽
|zht_rm   = Xiányī zhī Yǔ
|zh_tl    = Feather of the Virtuous Doctor
|ja       = 良医の羽
|ja_rm    = Ryoui no Hane
|ja_tl    = Good Doctor's Plume
|ko       = 명의의 깃털
|ko_rm    = Myeong'ui-ui Gitteol
|ko_tl    = Feather of the Skilled Doctor
|es       = Pluma del Doctor Sabio
|es_tl    = Feather of the Wise Doctor
|fr       = Plume du sage docteur
|fr_tl    = Feather of the Wise Doctor
|ru       = Перо мудрого лекаря
|ru_tl    = Feather of the Wise Doctor
|th       = Wise Doctor's Pinion
|vi       = Lông Vũ Hiền Y
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Feder der Genesung
|de_tl    = Feather of Recovery
|id       = Sage Doctor's Pinion
|pt       = Pena do Médico Virtuoso
|pt_tl    = 
|tr       = Bilge Doktorun Tüyü
|tr_tl    = Wise Doctor's Feather
|it       = Piuma del dottore saggio
|it_tl    = Feather of the Wise Doctor
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Artifact Set Navbox|Pale Flame}}

[[fr:Plume du sage docteur]]
[[ja:良医の羽]]
[[tr:Bilge Doktorun Tüyü]]
[[vi:Lông Vũ Hiền Y]]
[[zh:賢醫之羽]]