{{EventTabs}}

==Endora's Educational Notes==
{{Transclude|Inquisitive Endora|Endora's Educational Notes|main=1|top=1}}
==Exploration Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
===Area I: Sunlit Mountainside===
;(After completing the area)
:'''Endora''': The spring's message is... a poem.
:'''Endora''': But... Endora... doesn't understand it.
===Area II: Wavering Waterweeds===
;(Approach the hilichurl camp)
:'''Paimon''': Are those hilichurls...
:'''Paimon''': Trying to boil water to drink?
;(After completing the area)
:'''Endora''': The aquatic plants of Dihua Marsh nestle in the embrace of water. But I cannot understand their hearts.
:'''Paimon''': Do plants even have thoughts?
===Area III: Edge of the Horizon===
;(Approach the Boar Hydro Mimic in the wind current)
:'''Paimon''': That Oceanid Creature's been sucked into the wind current!
:'''Endora''': Why don't we try using a Swirl Reaction?
:'''Paimon''': Is that how that works? You learn so fast, Endora!
;(After completing the area)
:'''Endora''': Is this the great ocean? The place where all waters come to settle...
:'''Endora''': And the end of all pure waters. Here, no one life, filled with joys and sorrows, shall be distinguishable from the next.
===Area IV: Mesmerizing Lakeshore===
;(Approach [[Treasure Hoarders]] camp)
:'''Paimon''': What are those Treasure Hoarders doing?
:'''Endora''': If we stuffed flour into Purewater Boars, would they turn into Batter Boars?
:'''Paimon''': ...Now you're starting to sound like Lisa...
;(After completing the area)
:'''Endora''': "With each small step a child takes, a journey through the world it makes."
:'''Paimon''': Eh?
===Area V: Homeward Path===
;(After completing the area)
:'''Endora''': I've... come to understand the one who dwells in [[Springvale]] a little. Rhodeia, too.
:'''Endora''': But... I have my own path.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Life Flows On (I)==
{{Transclude|Life Flows On (I)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}

==Life Flows On (II)==
{{Transclude|Life Flows On (II)|Dialogue|main=1|top=1}}