{{About|the Archon Quest|the in-game system|Wish}}
{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 02021; 02024
|title         = Wishes
|image         = Archon Quest C2A3 Wishes.png
|type          = Archon
|chapter       = II
|actNum        = III
|act           = Omnipresence Over Mortals
|part          = 9
|startLocation = [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Grand Narukami Shrine]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|subarea       = Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)
|prev          = The Omnipresent God
|next          = In the Depths, an Unexpected Reunion
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*450;Mora*22,000;Hero's Wit*2;Mystic Enhancement Ore*4;Grand Narukami Shrine Omamori (Wishes)*1
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Yae Miko
|voiced        = yes
}}
{{TeyvatQuest|title=Wishes|chapter=2|act=3|part=9}}

==Steps==
# Visit [[Yae Miko]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* Completing this quest will grant the {{Achievement|Omnipresence Over Mortals (Achievement)}}.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You did not betray the wishes that had attached themselves to you &mdash; the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] has been abolished by the [[Raiden Shogun]]. The turbulent waves have calmed for now. Time to go see [[Yae Miko]].}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Why hello... if it isn't the triumphant Traveler. And why might you be visiting the [[Grand Narukami Shrine (Subarea)|Shrine]]? A sign of piety, perhaps?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' You literally told us to come meet you here!
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Haha... I was just joking. I've been waiting for you.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Seems like someone's in a pretty good mood.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Mm-hmm. Catching up with an old friend I hadn't seen in years was truly delightful.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' By the way... I heard that you had a duel before the throne, with a [[Fatui Harbinger]] no less. Courageous and astute &mdash; I must say, I am most impressed.
:{{DIcon}} It was a spur-of-the-moment thing.
:{{DIcon}} I don't know what came over me.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Defeating [[Signora]] head-on in a duel means that your strength exceeds my expectations.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Still, you did end up victorious. I gather congratulations are in order.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ah, it sure feels good to finally thwart a [[Fatui]] plan for once.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They caused plenty of trouble along the way, but at the very least, they didn't get their hands on another [[Gnosis]]!
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Wait a second... did you say "Gnosis"?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As in, the little thing that looks something like a chess piece?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yep, that's the one! You've seen one, too? Gnoses belong to [[The Seven]] &mdash; they're what keep them connected to [[Celestia]]!
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh...
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What's wrong?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I handed that over.
:{{DIcon}} Hmm?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...You did what now?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well... how else was I supposed to save your skin from [[The Balladeer]], exactly?
:{{DIcon}} ...
:{{DIcon}} The Gnosis is long gone, then.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The Balladeer is No. 6 of the Fatui Harbingers. In terms of strength, he is superior to Signora.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm not the kind of person who risks life and limb for any old reason.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *stammers* For once, Paimon just does not know what to say.
:{{DIcon}} But why was the Gnosis in your hands?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' After [[Ei]] created her puppet vessel, she no longer had anywhere to put it.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As her erstwhile closest friend... Ei handed it over to me, and I've kept it in the Grand Narukami Shrine ever since.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She no longer needs the power of the Gnosis, and in any case, she tells me she has severed ties with Celestia.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 17.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Thus, the Gnosis became not only useless, but also a potential source of conflict.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 18.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Is that not a good bargain, exchanging it for the one at the core of the plan?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 19.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Judging by the results, at least, I daresay I struck a good deal. Hehehe.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' When you put it like that, Paimon has to agree... The Traveler is worth more than a Gnosis...
:{{DIcon}} No wonder we haven't seen The Balladeer since.
:{{DIcon}} Never knew I could fetch such a high price.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 10.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* Well, what's done is done, and Paimon hardly thinks we'll be getting it back now. Let's leave the past in the past.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 11.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Um, so anyway, you still haven't told us why you called us here today.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 20.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehehe. It's to thank you.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 12.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Really!?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 21.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You intend to travel all over Teyvat, and the time has come for the [[Inazuma]] leg of your trip to come to an end, has it not?
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 22.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As a mark of my gratitude, I will answer any questions you may have about the road ahead or the events of the past.
:{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 23.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What would you like to know about?
:{{DIcon}} About the Shogun puppet...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 24.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That puppet was built with technology that has been lost to time. Perhaps she, as a god, is the only one privy to the knowledge of its origins...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 25.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Still... there is one other thing on this topic that I suspect you may be curious to know.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 26.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Before Ei began modifying her own godly form, she took it upon herself to create a prototype puppet...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 13.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So... you mean there are three [[Raiden Shogun]]s!?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 27.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' No, the prototype was merely a proof of concept. Its appearance and intellect were not based on Ei. It was a test.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 28.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The original plan was for Ei to simply discard it. But perhaps Ei thought this to be too cruel, because in the end she chose only to seal the power within it.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 29.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Later, this puppet wandered Inazuma as an ordinary human male with his own consciousness, until... the Fatui took an interest in him.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 14.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ugh, not the Fatui!
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 30.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Some eccentric geniuses in the ranks of the Fatui made adjustments to the prototype, not only unsealing his power, but very likely rendering him even more formidable than his original specifications.
::{{DIcon}} Surely you don't mean...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 31.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Mm-hmm. The object of divine creation is the one who has now taken possession of the Gnosis... and the prototype puppet is now known as "The Balladeer."
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 15.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What in the... What a crazy story!
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 32.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' It is, isn't it? Who can say whether it's coincidence or destiny.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the former Raiden Shogun...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 33.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm surprised an outlander like you is aware that there was once a change of Electro Archon... Few citizens of Inazuma are aware of this.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 16.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' [[Morax]] told us. He said that the Electro Archon, Baal, has passed away...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 34.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes. The truth of the matter is that there were two twin gods, [[Makoto|Baal]] and [[Beelzebul]].
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 17.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Twin gods?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 35.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' They won the [[Archon War]] together, and when Baal established the [[Shogunate]], Beelzebul became her {{w|Political decoy|Kagemusha}}, or "shadow warrior." In other words, she acted as Baal's body double.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 36.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Beelzebul is Ei, with whom we are now both acquainted. Baal's name was "Makoto."
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 37.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As far as the world was aware, there were not two, but one. They complemented each other, and they ruled Inazuma jointly. So there was no need for the public to know the truth.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 38.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In fact, the name "Baal" and the title of Raiden Shogun was understood to refer to both of them, right up until&mdash;
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 18.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Until what?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 39.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Makoto died several hundred years ago in a war that I was not personally involved in. Since then, Ei has assumed the Shogunate.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 19.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Losing her sister must have been super hard on Ei...
::{{DIcon}} Several hundred years ago...
::{{DIcon}} Khaenri'ah...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 40.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That was when Ei began to change. Makoto was her greatest loss.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 20.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon feels like she understands Ei a lot better now after finding that out... So, what kind of god was Makoto?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 41.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I didn't spend a great deal of time with her, but my impression was... she was a gentle god, who in each moment cherished the beauty of what was before her.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 21.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow...
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About my {{MC|[[Traveler's Sibling|sister]]|[[Traveler's Sibling|brother]]|mc=1}}...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 42.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Sorry, I haven't a clue. I am also unfamiliar with the [[Unknown God|god]] you describe.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 43.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But if you still have doubts about Ei, I would say they are misplaced.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 44.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Not only does she not fit your description, but she voluntarily gave up her Gnosis long ago, severing her ties with Celestia in the process.
::{{DIcon}} Having met her, I don't believe she was the one.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 45.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That's good to hear. Otherwise, given that I am her familiar, it could have made our relationship rather awkward, don't you think?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 22.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't worry, we aren't looking to pick a fight with you!
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 46.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehehe... I wish you the best of luck. May you soon discover the truth behind it all.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 47a.ogg}} {{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 47b.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As for your {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}}'s whereabouts, I will use all the resources at my disposal to investigate it, and I will also borrow some of [[Ayato]]'s people from the [[Shuumatsuban]].
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 48.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'll let you know if I find out anything. Consider it part of my means of thanking you.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} About the next stop on my journey...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 49.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' After leaving Inazuma, hmm... I think it would be easiest for you to go to [[Sumeru]].
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 23.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ooh, ooh, Sumeru! We've run into loads of scholars from there on our journey so far.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 50.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes, well, Sumeru is the land of the God of Wisdom, where the quest for wisdom and knowledge is never-ending.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 51.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But their obsession gives rise to some truly inexplicable things. For example...
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 52.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In Sumeru, knowledge is holistically managed as a resource.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 24.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Knowledge... is a resource?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 53.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes. I don't know whether it was the sages or [[Lesser Lord Kusanali]] who came up with the idea.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 25.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Lesser Lord Kusanali? That's a cute name.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 54.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh, you haven't heard? "Lesser Lord Kusanali" is the deity in whom the people of Sumeru place their faith. It's their chosen term of endearment for her.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 55.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I'm sure you must have some things to discuss with her, too. I wish you all the best.
:;(Dialogue returns to option selection)
:{{DIcon}} I have no more questions.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 56.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Are you sure? Okay then. Oh, Traveler, do you still have the [[Grand Narukami Shrine Omamori (Blind Loyalty, Reckless Courage)|omamori]] I gave you?
::{{DIcon}} Of course. I'll keep it in a safe place.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 57.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Keep it safe? Is that all you intend to do with it?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 58.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' There was me thinking that you might hang it around your neck to show off to the world, telling everyone who inquired that it was given to you by none other than Yae Miko, the wise and beautiful.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 paimon 26.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Who in their right mind would do that!?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 59.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehehe... Okay, I'll stop. Now, a question for you. Traveler, what is your ambition?
::{{DIcon}} To be reunited with my {{MC|sister|brother|mc=1}}, I guess?
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 60.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' I see... But that is merely a small goal, based on what preoccupies you here and now.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 61.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Your ambition should be something that transcends the world below and the starry sky above. Something that shines in unison with fate itself.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 62.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Perhaps the reason you do not possess a Vision is that such an ambition has yet to be engendered within you... It's a possibility.
::{{A|vo dqaq109 2 yaemiko 63.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Continue on your journey and maybe that moment will come to pass.

;(Talk to Yae Miko again after the quest ends)
:{{A|vo dialog dqaq109 yaemiko 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' ...Did that all get a little heavy for you? I think you prefer me when I'm just teasing you, don't you? Hehe...
:;(Repeats the "About [...]" dialogue options above)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wishes
|zhs     = 愿望
|zhs_rm  = Yuànwàng
|zht     = 願望
|zht_rm  = Yuànwàng
|zh_tl   = Wishes
|ja      = 願い
|ja_rm   = Negai
|ja_tl   = Wishes
|ko      = 염원
|ko_tl   = Wishes
|es      = Deseos
|es_tl   = Wishes
|fr      = Souhaits
|fr_tl   = Wishes
|ru      = Желания
|ru_tl   = Wishes
|th      = ความปรารถนา
|th_rm   = Khwam-prat-tha-na
|th_tl   = Wishes
|vi      = {{tt|Nguyện Vọng|願望}}
|vi_tl   = Wishes
|de      = Wünsche
|de_tl   = Wishes
|id      = Harapan
|id_tl   = Wishes
|pt      = Desejos
|pt_tl   = Wishes
|tr      = Dilekler
|tr_tl   = Wishes
|it      = Desideri
|it_tl   = Wishes
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Archon Quest Navbox|Chapter II}}

[[es:Deseos (misión)]]
[[ja:願い]]
[[pt-br:Desejos (Missão)]]
[[th:ความปรารถนา]]
[[vi:Nguyện Vọng]]