{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Wish Upon a Lantern
|image             = Wish Upon a Lantern.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2021-02-19 13:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2021-03-04 23:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/196253
|link2             = https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20210219lantern/index.html?utm_source=official
|link2name         = Event Page
}}

Legend has it that these lanterns will carry the wishes of the people to the adepti.

The web event '''Wish Upon a Lantern''' has begun! Access the >>[https://webstatic-sea.mihoyo.com/ys/event/e20210219lantern/index.html?utm_source=official Portal]<< to go to the event.

PlayStation users can participate via the portal link in the event mail (Paimon Menu > Mail). (Note: Do not delete the event mail.)

==Eligibility==
Travelers who have reached [[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above can participate in this event.

==Event Period==
*Lantern Release Times: 2021/02/19 13:00 – 2021/02/25 23:59 (UTC+8)
*Finalization Time: 2021/02/26 0:00 – 2021/02/26 19:59 (UTC+8)
*Reward Collection Time: 2021/02/26 20:00 – 2021/03/04 23:59 (UTC+8)

==Event Description==
This event features five types of Xiao Lanterns.

During the event, Travelers can release lanterns on this page. This will light up one of the Xiao Lanterns, and once five different Xiao Lanterns have been lit, you will be able to share in the Grand Primogem Prize.

*Releasing a lantern will award you one Xiao Lantern. The Xiao Lantern types can repeat themselves.

==Event Reward==
===Little Gift Box===
{{Main|Wish Upon a Lantern/Story#Little Gift Box|l1=Little Gift Box Presents}}
Though it may be by turns exquisite or pedestrian, every one of these contains the heartfelt feelings of the sender, whoever they may be.

Each time you release a lantern, you will receive a "Little Gift Box," which will contain a random amount of Mora and other small presents.

For rewards, please view [[Wish Upon a Lantern/Story#Little Gift Box|Little Gift Box Presents]]

===Grand Primogem Prize===
A luxurious gift from a mysterious organizer. A card lies atop it that reads: "Happy New Year, Traveler from another world!"

You will be able to claim a random amount of Primogems as a reward from the main event page during the reward collection period, provided that you have lit up all five Xiao Lanterns.

The amount of Primogems awarded is random for each player in the following amounts: 108, 188 or 288. Any screenshots or videos claiming to have won more than 288 Primogems are fake.<ref>Bilibili: [https://www.bilibili.com/video/BV1Mi4y1M7qa {{Zh|愿寄明霄灯}}]</ref>

==Quests==
Completing each quest gives a Xiao Lantern
*Daily Login Event Page
*Daily Sharing Event Page
*Go to the official Facebook page
*Go to our official Twitter
*Go to our official Reddit
*Go to our official Instagram
*Go to our official YouTube
*Go to the official HoYoLAB website
*Go to HoYoLAB to check the "A Sea of Lights" fanart event

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Wish Upon a Lantern
|zhs     = 愿寄明霄灯
|zhs_rm  = Yuàn Jì Míngxiāo-dēng
|zht     = 願寄明霄燈
|zht_rm  = Yuàn Jì Míngxiāo-dēng
|ja      = 明霄の灯を貴方へ
|ja_rm   = Meishou no Tou wo Anata he{{Assumed}}
|ko      = {{tt|명소등|明霄燈}} {{tt|소원|所願}}
|ko_rm   = Myeongso-deung Sowon
|es      = Deseos para una gran linterna
|fr      = Vœux des lanternes célestes
|ru      = Желания в Лунном фонаре
|th      = ส่งคำอธิษฐานกับโคม Mingxiao
|th_rm   = Song Kha Mathit Than Kap Khom Mingxiao
|vi      = Ước Nguyện Gửi Minh Tiêu
|de      = Laternen voller Wünsche
|id      = Harapan dalam Lentera Mingxiao
|pt      = Lanterna Mingxiao da Esperança
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[fr:Vœux des lanternes célestes]]
[[ja:明霄の灯を貴方へ]]
[[ru:Желания в Лунном фонаре]]