{{Event Tabs}}
{{Event
|name              = Wishes From Teyvat
|image             = Wishes From Teyvat.png
|type              = Web
|time_known        = yes
|time_start        = 2022-12-20 11:00:00
|time_start_offset = GMT+8
|time_end          = 2023-01-09 03:59:59
|time_end_offset   = GMT+8
|link              = https://www.hoyolab.com/article/14467208
|link2             = https://act.hoyoverse.com/ys/event/e20221220-wish-f9somk/index.html
|link2name         = Event Page
}}
{{Description|Dear Traveler,<br>Thank you for all your efforts and dedication this year. Every moment we spend together gives more meaning to our journey.<br><br>Take part in the web event, send and receive your own winter wishes to receive Mora.}}
'''Wishes From Teyvat''' is a [[Web Event]] in [[Version 3.3]].

==Event Duration==
December 20, 2022 12:00 – January 9, 2023 23:59 (UTC+8)
* Rewards cannot be claimed after the event ends. Please claim them in time.

==Eligibility==
[[Adventure Rank]] 10 or above

==Event Introduction==
# From the character list, you can select and share winter wishes that you would like to receive.
# You can also make your own greeting postcards, and by sharing them on social platforms, you can convey your good wishes and blessings to people you cherish.
# You can check out more details about online and offline events in various regions of the world on the last page of the event website.

==Event Rewards==
Share your character wish for the first time to obtain Mora ×20,000.
* You will obtain an additional Mora ×20,000 after receiving a special wish*

==Soundtracks==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|type=eventgameplay}}

==Notes==
# Please log in to the event using your HoYoverse Account and select your corresponding character in Genshin Impact to take part. This will ensure that your rewards can be sent and claimed correctly.
# The in-game rewards will be distributed via in-game mail within 5–10 minutes. The mail will expire after 30 days, so don't forget to claim the rewards in time.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wishes From Teyvat
|zhs     = 来自提瓦特的祝福
|zhs_rm  = Láizì Tíwǎtè de Zhùfú
|zht     = 來自提瓦特的祝福
|zht_rm  = Láizì Tíwǎtè de Zhùfú
|zh_tl   = Blessings From Teyvat
|ja      = テイワットからの祝福
|ja_rm   = Teiwatto kara no Shukufuku
|ja_tl   = Blessings from Teyvat
|ko      = 티바트에서 보낸 축복
|ko_rm   = Tibateueseo Bonaen Chukppok
|ko_tl   = Blessings Sent From Teyvat
|es      = Deseos de Teyvat
|es_tl   = Wishes From Teyvat
|fr      = Souhaits de Teyvat
|fr_tl   = Wishes From Teyvat
|ru      = Благословения из Тейвата
|ru_tl   = Blessings from Teyvat
|th      = พรจาก Teyvat
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Lời Chúc Phúc Từ Teyvat
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Wünsche aus Teyvat
|de_tl   = Wishes From Teyvat
|id      = Ucapan dari Teyvat
|id_tl   = Greetings from Teyvat
|pt      = Desejos de Teyvat
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Teyvat Dilekleri
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Desideri da Teyvat
|it_tl   = Wishes from Teyvat
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.3}}

[[pt-br:Desejos de Teyvat]]
[[ru:Благословения из Тейвата]]