{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 74085
|image         = Within the Depths of Erinnyes.png
|type          = World
|group         = 
|chapter       = The Wild Fairy of Erinnyes
|requirement   = 
|characters    = Keratry; Pahsiv; Paimon; Remaudiere; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Marcotte Station]], [[Fontaine]]
|region        = Fontaine
|area          = Court of Fontaine Region
|subarea       = Marcotte Station
|prev          = Foggy Forest Path (Quest)
|prev2         = Furious Mouth of the Spring
|prev3         = Wilting Weeping Willow
|rep           = Fontaine
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 562
|repTitle      = The Wild Fairy of Erinnyes
|otherRewards  = 
}}
'''''Within the Depths of Erinnyes''''' is the second part of the {{Quest|The Wild Fairy of Erinnyes}}, unlocked after obtaining {{Item|Teardrop Key|x=3}}.

==Steps==
# Go to the square
# Insert the {{sic|Waterdrop Keys}} into the statue (0/3)
# Enter the secret passage under the square
# Go deeper into the passage
# Cleanse the filth near the "root"<!-- Root-Consuming Tumor -->
#* Defeat the [[Root-Consuming Tumor]]
#* {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=4}}
# Repel the [[Rifthound]]s
#* Wave 1: {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=3}}
#* Wave 2: {{Enemy|Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp|x=4}}
#* Wave 3: {{Enemy List|Rockfond Rifthound*2;Thundercraven Rifthound Whelp*2}}
# Go with the flow...
# Talk to [[Paimon]]
# Go deeper into the passage

==Gameplay Notes==
* During the final wave of enemies in step 6, a {{Enemy|Primordial Bathysmal Vishap}} will fight alongside the player.
* After completing the quest, claiming both [[Mora Chest]]s and opening all three Common, Exquisite, and Precious [[Chest]]s grant the {{Achievement|Semnai Sans Shadow}}.
* After completing the quest, the leaves of various Willow Trees in the area turn from a dark, dull yellow to a bright, vibrant blue. Additionally, six non-hostile [[Primordial Bathysmal Vishap Hatchling]]s appear along the river between the [[Erinnyes Forest]] [[Statue of The Seven]] and [[Loch Urania]].
* After completing the quest, the [[Local Legend]] "Mageblade Corrouge" will appear where the Root-Consuming Tumor was.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|You finally have all three Waterdrop keys. According to Pahsiv, these are key to stopping Erinnyes from "Melusine-ing."}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Approach the fountain)
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, statue, key, statue, key, statue.
:'''Paimon:''' Do you mean... that we need to put the keys in the statues? Well, that sounds about right. Three keys, three statues...
:'''Paimon:''' Shall we give it a try?
:{{DIcon}} What happens after we place the keys?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Door opens, open door...
:'''Paimon:''' Door? Where? And what's behind the door?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Root, Erinnyes, very deep...
:'''Paimon:''' A door to the root of Erinnyes? You know so much, Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, protect!
:{{DIcon}} What else do we have to know?
:'''Pahsiv:''' ...Huh?
:'''Paimon:''' You know, like information! The more the merrier! The more we know, the more confident we will be!
:'''Pahsiv:''' In...formation? In...formation... Pahsiv! Information, a lot!
:'''Paimon:''' Great!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Erinnyes, information, lots of.
:'''Paimon:''' Lots of information, uh huh.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Information, water vein, lots of.
:'''Paimon:''' Lots of water veins, right.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Water vein, [[Neuvillette|visitor]], lots of.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... Hmm? Visitor? Lots of? Wait, Paimon doesn't get it. Where do all these visitors come from? Or are you telling Paimon that the visitor knows how to create mirror images of themselves?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Melusine!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Water vein, visitor, taste.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Evil, visitor, sense.
:'''Paimon:''' Tasting the evil in the water vein? Err, what kind of flavor is that?
:{{DIcon}} The visitor can sense information through the water veins?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Willow, collect. Fog, handle. Spring, send.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Root, water vein, center.
:{{DIcon}} So, Erinnyes is the center of information?
:'''Paimon:''' Are you saying that all of Erinnyes is the visitor's information system? And this visitor can sense something bad?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Smart Paimon! Smart {{Traveler}}! Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Gosh, who is this visitor named visitor?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Fontaine, visitor, protect.
:'''Pahsiv:''' But, visitor, very busy.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Purple thing, sneaking toward the root. Purple thing, secretly destroying the root.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, peek. Pahsiv, secretly scratch the stone tablet.
:'''Paimon:''' So you're the one that removed the writing from the stone tablet! Was it to stop the purple thing?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! But...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Purple thing, kept going toward the root. Purple thing, very powerful.
:{{DIcon}} The purple thing found another way?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Looks like this purple thing's a tough customer. If the root is destroyed, then the information system will fail to function, and the visitor's senses will be affected.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, duty! Pahsiv, protect!
:'''Pahsiv:''' {{Traveler}}, ka-pow. Paimon, ka-pow.
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, we can't wait anymore. We need to ka-pow now!
:{{DIcon}} Alright then, Pahsiv! Open the door!
:'''Paimon:''' Excellent. Let's go!

;(Talk to Pahsiv again, optional)
:'''Pahsiv:''' Key, statue, key, statue, key, statue.

;(Insert the three keys)
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon never expected there to be such an interesting device under this fountain... We need to be careful down there.

;(Talk to [[Remaudiere]] or [[Keratry]], optional)
:'''Keratry:''' Brother! Look! There seems to be a hole in the fountain. Was that your magic?
:'''Remaudiere:''' ...Uh... Yes, that's right! That was your brother's magic, indeed. Awesome, right?
:'''Keratry:''' Yup! I didn't think you'd have a trick that's as good as the Great Magician [[Lyney]]'s!
:'''Remaudiere:''' Ahem...
----
;(Enter the water)
:'''Pahsiv:''' Root, very far ahead, very deep...
:'''Paimon:''' Then we will keep going!
:'''Paimon:''' Pahsiv, what else do you know about the purple thing?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Purple thing, very scary. Pahsiv, go near, scared...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Purple thing, blue thing, fight.
:'''Paimon:''' The blue thing... A vishap, perhaps? A vishap was fighting the purple thing?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! But... purple thing, very scary. Blue thing, lost lots of.
:'''Paimon:''' Lost? Oh... Um, sorry.
:'''Paimon:''' But don't worry, {{Traveler}} is very powerful, too! {{Traveler}}'s taken down just about everything before.

;(Reach the [[Roots of Erinnyes]])
:'''Pahsiv:''' Root... Root...
:'''Paimon:''' We're finally here! Whoa, that's a whole load of funky stuff. Paimon doesn't see anyone around, but she's getting a familiar feeling... Evil's gotta be lurking nearby...
:'''Pahsiv:''' Willow... Root...
:'''Paimon:''' Are these the roots of that great tree from earlier?
:'''Paimon:''' Paimon gets it now! That's why the great tree looked so sickly. The roots have been corrupted!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Root... Melusine...
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, let's clean up all this filth. Paimon reckons they're corrupting the roots.

;(After damaging the core)
:'''Paimon:''' Ugh, this is tough. This pollution's impossible to clear up!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, ka-pow!
:{{Black Screen|Pahsiv touches your stomach with her hand, and you feel a warmth coming from her palm.<br>You feel like something in you has been enhanced.}}
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv, tired...
:'''Paimon:''' What did Pahsiv do? You look revitalized, {{Traveler}}!

;(After defeating the tumor)
:'''Paimon:''' Finally, it's all gone. Paimon didn't know that you had such a marvelous ability, Pahsiv...
:'''Paimon:''' Now... Wait... Something's lit up on the ground... It's some kinda arcane formation!
:'''Paimon:''' Agh! Rifthounds are charging out!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Purple thing...
:'''Paimon:''' Don't worry, Pahsiv. We'll protect you!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait! Where are you going, Pahsiv? Stop! This place is dangerous!

;(After the cutscene)
:'''Paimon:''' We've got no choice, {{Traveler}}! Let's get rid of these Rifthounds first!

;(After defeating Wave 1)
:'''Paimon:''' Gah, there's so many of 'em! Let's hope Pahsiv's doing okay!

;(After defeating Wave 2)
:'''Ferocious Roar:''' Raargh!
:'''Paimon:''' A vishap? And it's helping us out? Did Pahsiv find it? But where's she gone?

;(After defeating all Rifthounds)
:'''Paimon:''' Phew! Finally, that's that under control. We sure kicked the Rifthound nest, huh? {{Traveler}}, how are you doing?
:{{DIcon}} I can do this all day.
:{{DIcon}} My hands are just a bit sore.
;(If the player has met [[Jakob]])
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon's sure that wasn't just you boasting. It looks like the roots are recovering. That should be because the problems Jakob caused cleared up now, right?
;(If the player has not met Jakob)
::'''Paimon:''' Hehe, Paimon's sure that wasn't just you boasting. It looks like the roots are recovering &mdash; guess that means the problem here has been cleared up, right?
:'''Paimon:''' But what happened just then? A vishap turned up to help, and Pahsiv disappeared...
:'''Paimon:''' Hey! Pahsiv! Are you there? Can you hear Paimon?
:'''Paimon:''' Okay, looks like she's really disappeared.
:{{DIcon}} She's got plenty of secrets, for sure.
:'''Paimon:''' Hmm... She's such a mysterious Melusine. Paimon knows she didn't want any reward, but it still seems odd to just leave like that...
:{{DIcon}} Why?
:'''Paimon:''' It's as if... It's as if you had a favorite food, and then one day, the food looks at you and says "guess we're through."
:{{DIcon}} That would be upsetting, yes.
:{{DIcon}} Although talking food seems even odder.
:'''Paimon:''' Well, it's the same kind of feeling, y'know? But what if Pahsiv was injured? She seemed exhausted...
:{{DIcon}} Maybe we can look for her nearby.
:'''Paimon:''' Yes! Paimon thinks we should do that. Just in case she might be in danger, and all!
:'''Paimon:''' Wait... What's wrong!?
:{{Black Screen|Just as you are about to look for Pahsiv, water floods into the cave, sweeping you toward the surface.}}

;(While being carried by the current)
:'''Paimon:''' Why is the water level rising all of a sudden? Was it because the trouble's been taken care of?
:'''Paimon:''' But we haven't found Pahsiv yet!

;(On reaching the surface)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no! We didn't get a chance to look for her!
:{{DIcon}} Don't worry. I'm sure she can swim.
:'''Paimon:''' That's true, but... Whoa! Look at the great tree!
:'''Paimon:''' It's recovered, and it's so pretty! Is that what it looked like before? Pahsiv will be happy if she sees it, won't she?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon! Pahsiv! {{Traveler}}! Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' Pahsiv? Great! Where did you go? We were so worried!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Disappeared, Pahsiv.
:'''Pahsiv:''' Ah... Box. Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' What? Is that a treasure chest? You went looking for treasure chests?
:'''Pahsiv:''' Pahsiv! But, shiny, round, Melusine...
:'''Paimon:''' You didn't find any Mora? That's fine. The chest is more than enough!
:'''Paimon:''' You remembered what Paimon told you! Oh, you're gonna make Paimon cry! Thank you, Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Thank... you...?
:{{DIcon}} It means Pahsiv!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, thank you! {{Traveler}}, thank you!
:'''Pahsiv:''' Paimon, good thing! {{Traveler}}, good thing!
:{{DIcon}} Pahsiv, good thing!
:'''Paimon:''' Pahsiv, good thing!
:'''Paimon:''' {{Traveler}}, we should come to see Pahsiv often when we have time, and teach her more words, like the visitor did.
:{{DIcon}} Pahsiv!
:'''Paimon:''' What do you think, Pahsiv? Can we come back to play with you?
:'''Paimon:''' Where did she go this time?
:{{DIcon}} Pahsiv, disappeared!
:'''Paimon:''' Wow! Paimon has never seen a Melusine like her. Or rather... She doesn't behave like a Melusine, but more like a wild fairy.
:'''Paimon:''' Maybe that's why she can spy on the purple thing quietly.
:'''Paimon:''' Hey, Pahsiv! Goodbye! If we meet again, we'll teach you how to say goodbye properly!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/JjqDH9tHyKo
|caption1 = Within the Depths of Erinnyes

}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Within the Depths of Erinnyes
|zhs     = 在伊黎耶深处
|zhs_rm  = Zài Yīlíyē Shēnchù
|zht     = 在伊黎耶深處
|zht_rm  = Zài Yīlíyē Shēnchù
|zh_tl   = In the Depths of Erinnyes
|ja      = エリニュスの奥
|ja_rm   = Erinyusu no Oku
|ja_tl   = The Depths of Erinnyes
|ko      = 에리니에스 깊숙한 곳
|ko_tl   = Deep in Erinnyes
|es      = En las profundidades de las Erinias
|es_tl   = In the Depths of Erinnyes
|fr      = Dans les profondeurs d'Erinnyes
|fr_tl   = Within the Depths of Erinnyes
|ru      = В сердце Эриний
|ru_tl   = In the Heart of Erinnyes
|th      = ลึกลงไปใน Erinnyes
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Sâu Trong Erinnyes
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = In den Tiefen von Erinnyes
|de_tl   = In the Depths of Erinnyes
|id      = Di Kedalaman Erinnyes
|id_tl   = In the Depths of Erinnyes
|pt      = Nas Profundezas de Erinnyes
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Erinnyes'in Derinliklerinde
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Nelle profondità di Érinnyes
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}