{{Location Infobox
|image        = Wolvendom.png
|type         = Subarea
|region       = Mondstadt
|area         = Windwail Highland
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>{{If Self|Wolvendom|It|Wolvendom}} is home to [[Boreas]], Wolf of the North of the [[Four Winds]], and his wolf pack.</p>}}

==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|heo=1}}

==Features==
===Domains===
{{Domains by Category Gallery}}

===Exploration===
* [[Elemental Monument]] ({{Pyro}})
* [[Time Trial Challenge]]

===Enemies===
====Enemies of Note====
*{{Enemy|Andrius (Weekly Boss)|text=Lupus Boreas, Dominator of Wolves}}

====Elite Enemies====
* {{Enemy|Cryo Abyss Mage}}
* {{Enemy|Rockfond Rifthound Whelp}}
* {{Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}
* {{Enemy|Wooden Shieldwall Mitachurl}}

====Common Enemies====
{{Column|2|
* {{Enemy|Hilichurl}}
* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Fighter}}
* {{Enemy|Wooden Shield Hilichurl Guard}}
* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Shooter}}
* {{Enemy|Hilichurl Berserker}}
* {{Enemy|Pyro Hilichurl Shooter}}
* {{Enemy|Cryo Hilichurl Shooter}}
* {{Enemy|Anemo Samachurl}}
* {{Enemy|Hydro Samachurl}}
* {{Enemy|Anemo Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Hydro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Cryo Whopperflower}}
}}

===Local Specialties===
* {{Item|Calla Lily}}
* {{Item|Dandelion Seed}}
* {{Item|Small Lamp Grass}}
* {{Item|Wolfhook}}

==NPCs==
* [[Ross the Quick]]

==Descriptions==
{{Description|A deep, dark woodland, where the silence sends chills down the spine.<br>A wolf pack dwells in the shadows &mdash; one so dangerous that even the most fearless of hunters do not venture there lightly.<br>The howling of the wolves at night can be heard from a long distance.|[[Expedition]] description}}

==Trivia==
* All four major languages (supported in ''Genshin Impact'') use a name that either sounds archaic or gives a European atmosphere.
** The English name consists of the archaic adjective ''{{wt|wolven}}'' ("wolf's") and the suffix ''{{wt|-dom#English|-dom}}'' ("jurisdiction"), whose usage is archaic in this sense. The translation "Wolvendom" is perhaps influenced by Elvendom, the domain of elves in {{w|J. R. R. Tolkien|Tolkien}}'s novels.
** The name in the original Chinese version, {{zh|s=奔狼领|t=奔狼領|rm=Bēnláng-lǐng}}, means the "Fiefdom of Running Wolves." However, the hanzi {{zh|s=领|t=領}} as a suffix in this sense is relatively rare in Mandarin and limited to European fiefdoms such as {{zh|伯爵领}} ("county" in Europe, but not in ancient China).<ref group="Note">See the discussion [https://ngabbs.com/read.php?tid=23706672 {{zh|NGA.CN: 破事氵 奔狼领的领字，为什么不用岭？}}] (CN) for details.</ref> Therefore, the term offers the atmosphere of medieval and early modern Europe and gives an impression that its ruler [[Boreas]] is a European noble lord, not just the leader of a pack of wolves.
** The Japanese version uses the name {{ja|奔狼領|rm=Hourou-ryou}}, the direct hanzi-to-kanji conversion, which has the same sense as the Chinese name. Unlike Mandarin, however, the suffix {{ja|領|rm=ryou|tl=domain" or "fief}} is very common in Japanese and has no specific connotation. Meanwhile, the usage of {{ja|奔|tl=to run}} is relatively rare compared with Mandarin; therefore, the name gives an archaic or literary atmosphere overall.
** The Korean name, {{ko|울프 영지|rm=Ulpeu Yeongji}}, means "''Ulpeu'' Fiefdom," where ''Ulpeu'' is a transcription of the English noun ''wolf'' or the German noun ''Ulf'' ("wolf"), thereby giving a European atmosphere.
* If the player enters combat with an enemy at the [[Wolf of the North Challenge]] arena, an [https://youtu.be/xTlOpeZhHGY untitled battle theme] will play (does not play while in combat with [[Andrius]]). This soundtrack apparently was intended to be featured in the Archon Quest "[[Dishonorable Trial]]" while fighting the [[Abyss Herald: Wicked Torrents|Abyss Herald]] at the arena.
** The soundtrack shares a motif with "[[Make Haste, Partner]]."
* As of Version 2.4, Rifthounds can now be encountered around the Wolvendom area, as first hinted by Razor's quest: [[The Meaning of Lupical]].

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wolvendom
|zhs     = 奔狼领
|zhs_rm  = Bēnláng-lǐng
|zht     = 奔狼領
|zht_rm  = Bēnláng-lǐng
|zh_tl   = Fiefdom of Running Wolves
|ja      = {{Rubi|奔|ほう|狼|ろう|領|りょう}}
|ja_rm   = Hourou-ryou<ref>[[Map]], Label: Wolvendom (Japanese)</ref>
|ja_tl   = Fiefdom of Running Wolves
|ko      = 울프 {{tt|영지|領地}}
|ko_tl   = Wolf Fiefdom
|es      = Reino de los Lobos
|es_tl   = Kingdom of the Wolves
|fr      = Territoire des Loups
|fr_tl   = Territory of Wolves
|ru      = Вольфендом
|th      = Wolvendom
|vi      = {{tt|Lang Lãnh|狼領}}
|vi_tl   = Territory of Wolves
|de      = Wolfenlauf
|de_tl   = Wolvenrun
|id      = Wolvendom
|pt      = Reino dos Lobos
|pt_tl   = Kingdom of the Wolves
|tr      = Kurtlar Diyarı
|tr_tl   = Wolves Land
|it      = Regno dei Lupi
|it_tl   = Kingdom of the Wolves
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Mondstadt}}

[[es:Reino de los Lobos]]
[[fr:Territoire des Loups]]
[[ja:奔狼領]]
[[pt-br:Reino dos Lobos]]
[[th:Wolvendom]]
[[zh:奔狼領]]