{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 00451
|image         = Story Quest Wolves' Territory.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Lupus Minor Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 1
|act           = The Meaning of Lupical
|character     = Razor
|description   = You and Paimon decide to pay a visit to [[Wolvendom]], a place in Mondstadt that few people pass through, without any knowledge of the dangers that may await you within this primordial territory.
|requirement   = Complete [[Song of the Dragon and Freedom]], [[Wind, Courage, and Wings]], and reach [[Adventure Rank]] 21
|startLocation = [[Windwail Highland]], [[Mondstadt]]
|next          = Another Day as an Outrider!
|exp           = 275
|mora          = 10,000
|other         = {{Card|Adventurer's Experience|5}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|2}}
|characters    = Paimon;Razor;Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Wolves' Territory''' is the first part of [[Razor]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Lupus Minor Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Meaning of Lupical]].

==Steps==
#Go to [[Wolvendom]]
#Talk to [[Paimon]]
#Defeat the slimes
#Thank the boy for his help
#Collect enough [[Raw Meat]] (0/3)
#*You acquire two [[Hunting Trap]]s
#Give three chunks of [[Raw Meat]] to Razor

==Dialogue==
{{dialogue start}}
;(Talking to Paimon)
:{{A|vo rzlq001 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' This is Wolvendom. People from Mondstadt hardly ever come here...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Even though it's not so far away from the city, the environment here is totally untouched. It's a wild place ruled by the laws of nature.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's survival of the fittest out here. Even the slimes around here are huuuge!
:{{A|vo rzlq001 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Like those super-duper massive ones over there!
:{{DIcon}} ...Eek, they've seen us! Prepare for battle!
{{Cutscene Description|Countless giant slimes are closing in on you &mdash; but just when you think you have met your match, a boy brandishing a huge blade appears and saves the day...}}
;(A cutscene starts)
:;(After defeating the wave of slimes)
::{{A|vo rzlq001 cs paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Got 'em!
:;(A second wave with a massive slimes approaches)
::{{A|vo rzlq001 cs paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh. My. Archon!
:;(Cutscene ends)
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *Panting* Th–Thank you– Aaah! Wolves! Ruuuun!
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 01.ogg}} '''???:''' Do not worry. Wolves friends. But, you are...?
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' We're just some boring old travelers passing through...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 02.ogg}} '''???:''' Don't smell boring. You smell... *sniff* familiar...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...We smell?
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 03.ogg}} '''???:''' You smell like Knights of Favonius. They are friends.
:{{DIcon}} What's your name?
::{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 03a.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I am Razor.
::{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 04a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Are you one of the Knights of Favonius too?
::{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 03a 1.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I am not.
:{{DIcon}} Are you also one of the Knights?
::{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 03b.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I am Razor. I am no knight.

;(A wolf's howl sounds in the distance...)
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 04c.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh?
:{{DIcon}} What's with the wolf pack?
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' My wolf pack... they are my family.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' ...Your family!?
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Yes. They raised me. We live together. We are family.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' So many questions...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' They are angry with me. I help you, exposed our ambush, boar ran away.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, ah... don't worry, Paimon will get Traveler to catch you another boar.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 08a.ogg}} {{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 08b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' (Traveler) is stronger than he/she looks.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 razor 07.ogg}} '''Razor:''' N–No need. When knights try to help, wolves go hungry...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 3 paimon 09.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't be silly! Wait here – we won't screw this up, just watch!
;(Obtain [[Hunting Trap]] ×2)

----

;(Collect enough Raw Meat)
:{{A|vo dialog rzlq001 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' You really want to help?
:{{A|vo dialog rzlq001 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Wolves hunt on instinct. Works every time. But... setting trap sounds fun.
:{{A|vo dialog rzlq001 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' First, we set trap. Next, chase boar in &mdash; yes?
:{{A|vo dialog rzlq001 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Hope it won't explode...

;(Give three chunks of Raw Meat to Razor)
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Haha! Told you we could do it!
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 razor 01.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I– thanks, but...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 razor 02.ogg}} '''Razor:''' ...Wolves catch five or six every hunt... *sigh* Tonight, they go hungry...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Uh-oh...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 razor 03.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Don't worry. You tried.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 razor 04.ogg}} '''Razor:''' At least you did better than other knight friend... the [[Klee|red one, burny girl]].
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 razor 05.ogg}} '''Razor:''' If she was here, whole mountain is fire. Can't catch even one boar.

;(A wolf's howl sounds in the distance...)
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 razor 06.ogg}} '''Razor:''' I must go now.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 razor 07.ogg}} '''Razor:''' Here is not safe. Careful. Always watching.
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What a weirdo...
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' "Burny girl"? From the Knights of Favonius? What is he–
:{{A|vo rzlq001 5 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Traveler, who do you think it is?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Tutorial==
{{Transclude|Tutorials/Wolves' Territory}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wolves' Territory
|zhs     = 奔狼的领土
|zhs_rm  = Bēnláng de Língtǔ
|zht     = 奔狼的領土
|zht_rm  = Bēnláng de Língtǔ
|zh_tl   = Territory of Running Wolves
|ja      = 奔狼の領土
|ja_rm   = Honrou no Ryoudo{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Bustling Wolves' Territory
|ko      = 울프의 영지
|ko_rm   = 
|ko_tl   = 
|es      = Territorio de lobos
|es_tl   = Wolves' Territory
|fr      = Territoire des Loups
|fr_tl   = Wolves' Territory
|ru      = Территория волков
|ru_tl   = Wolves' Territory
|th      = ดินแดนหมาป่า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = {{tt|Lãnh Thổ|領土}} {{tt|Lang Lãnh|狼領}}
|vi_tl   = [[Wolvendom#Other Languages|Lang Lãnh]] Territory
|de      = Gebiet der Wölfe
|de_tl   = Wolves' Territory
|id      = Teritori Serigala
|id_tl   = Wolves' Territory
|pt      = Território dos Lobos
|pt_tl   = Territory of the Wolves
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[es:Territorio de lobos]]