{{About|the [[furnishing]] materials|the Element|Dendro#Wood Element|the [[NPC]]|Wood (NPC)}}
{{Terminology Infobox
|image        = Item Fragrant Cedar Wood.png
|type         = Item Groups
|type2        = Furnishing Materials
}}
'''Wood''' are [[Materials]] used for creating [[Furnishings]].

==List==
{{Items by Category List|Wood|3}}

==How to Obtain==
Wood can be obtained via three methods: cutting trees, converting wood, and through [[Realm Depot]].

===Cutting Trees===
* Each tree can yield up to three pieces of wood until its next refresh.
** A tree will refresh after chopping ten other trees.
** For example, hit the first tree, then go hit ten other trees, then come back to the first tree and it will spawn more wood.
** If the player comes back to the first tree before hitting ten other trees, then the first tree's countdown will be reset back to ten.
** Logging out and logging back in again will also cause trees to refresh.
** With this in mind, the player can cycle between eleven or more trees and continuously farm wood.
** Hit trees are tracked per player, so each player in the same world will need to hit trees in order to gather wood, but they can hit the same trees.
* All {{Physical}} attacks done with polearm, claymore, and sword users' Normal Attack talent (Normal, Charged, and Plunging Attacks) count as chops, with the exception of [[Clorinde]]'s [[Oath of Hunting Shadows|Charged Attack]].
** Slashes with [[Tartaglia]]'s Melee Stance do not count as chops.
** Attacks affected by [[Elemental Infusion]] and Elemental Conversion do not count as chops.
* Certain [[Talent]]s that deal Physical DMG count as chops.
** [[Eula]]'s Lightfall Sword from [[Glacial Illumination]], as well as her Shattered Lightfall Sword from [[Roiling Rime]] will drop wood.
** Freminet's Pressure Level 4 from [[Pressurized Floe]] will drop wood, but not Pressure Levels 1 to 3.
** [[Xinyan]]'s [[Riff Revolution]] will not drop wood.
* Even if the player hits multiple trees in one attack, only one of them will drop wood.
* There is a very short cooldown between chops that drop wood.
** [[Keqing]], whose Normal Attack sequence is very fast, will only drop two wood with the first three hits in her Normal Attack if the player does not delay the hits.
** Attacks that hit twice in a row, such as the third hit in [[Rosaria]]'s Normal Attack sequence, will likely only drop one wood.
** The fourth hit in [[Xiangling]]'s Normal Attack sequence, which hits four times, can drop two wood.
* Wood can only be obtained from trees that have fully loaded. This may take a few seconds after traveling to a different area, depending on the player's device.
* Only 2000 of each type of wood can be chopped per day.<ref>KeqingMains Theorycrafting Library: [https://library.keqingmains.com/evidence/general-mechanics/resources-and-efficiency#wood-daily-drop-limit Wood Daily Drop Limit]</ref> Wood obtained from [[Arataki Itto]]'s passive talent [[Woodchuck Chucked]] do not count towards this cap.<ref>KeqingMains Theorycrafting Library: [https://library.keqingmains.com/evidence/characters/geo/arataki-itto#utility-passive-woodchuck-chucked Utility Passive: Woodchuck Chucked]</ref>
* Chopping [[Cuihua Wood|Cuihua]] trees (which grow [[Sunsettia]]s, [[Apple]]s, [[Lavender Melon]]s or [[Bulle Fruit]]) allows the player to gather wood and knock fruit down at the same time.
* Some trees can't be chopped even after they have fully loaded, such as overly large trees and trees with twisted trunks.
** Some trees can be chopped, but will not drop any wood. One example of such are dead trees found to the west of [[Amakane Island]] and near the Statue of The Seven in [[Tatarasuna]].
* The gadget {{LL|"The Boon of the Elder Tree"|,}} available from [[Sumeru]]'s [[Reputation]] 3 reward, can also be used to cut wood.

===Converting Wood===
Wood can be converted from [[Ore]] in the [[Creation]] menu in the [[Serenitea Pot]]. Ore can only be converted into wood if the player has previously obtained wood of that type through cutting trees.

Up to 50 conversions can be done per week for each type of wood. Conversions for one type of wood do not affect other types.

Each of the following materials can be converted into 1 wood:

{{Card List
|Iron Chunk*3,White Iron Chunk*2,Crystal Chunk*1,Magical Crystal Chunk*1,Amethyst Lump*1,Condessence Crystal*1,Starsilver*1}}

===Realm Depot===
Each type of wood can be bought up to ten times per week, costing 10 [[Realm Currency]] for each wood bought. Only wood that has been obtained at least once can be bought through Realm Depot.

==Tutorial==
{{Tutorial|Collecting Wood}}

==Totals of Wood Types==
The amount required is for a single crafting of every furnishing that uses the wood type.
{| class="article-table tdl1 sortable align-center"
! Wood Types
! Region(s)
! Furnishings<br>Used In
! Amount<br>Required
|-
| {{Item|Adhigama Wood}} || [[Sumeru]] || 57 || 439
|-
| {{Item|Aralia Wood}} || [[Inazuma]] || 27 || 230
|-
| {{Item|Ash Wood}} || [[Fontaine]] || 23 || 180
|-
| {{Item|Athel Wood}} || [[Sumeru]] || 26 || 190
|-
| {{Item|Bamboo Segment}} || [[Liyue]] || 28 || 180
|-
| {{Item|Birch Wood}} || [[Mondstadt]], [[Liyue]] || 33 || 306
|-
| {{Item|Brightwood}} || [[Sumeru]] || 34 || 325
|-
| {{Item|Cuihua Wood}} || [[Teyvat]] || 54 || 490
|-
| {{Item|Cypress Wood}} || [[Fontaine]] || 18 || 146
|-
| {{Item|Fir Wood}} || [[Mondstadt]] || 56 || 390
|-
| {{Item|Fragrant Cedar Wood}} || [[Mondstadt]], [[Liyue]] || 33 || 294
|-
| {{Item|Karmaphala Wood}} || [[Sumeru]] || 29 || 270
|-
| {{Item|Linden Wood}} || [[Fontaine]] || 19 || 128
|-
| {{Item|Mallow Wood}} || [[Fontaine]] || 33 || 230
|-
| {{Item|Maple Wood}} || [[Inazuma]], [[Liyue]] || 32 || 254
|-
| {{Item|Mountain Date Wood}} || [[Sumeru]] || 2 || 24
|-
| {{Item|Otogi Wood}} || [[Inazuma]] || 46 || 386
|-
| {{Item|Pine Wood}} || [[Teyvat]] || 47 || 314
|-
| {{Item|Sandbearer Wood}} || [[Liyue]] || 64 || 486
|-
| {{Item|Torch Wood}} || [[Fontaine]] || 0 || 0
|-
| {{Item|Yumemiru Wood}} || [[Inazuma]] || 23 || 238
|}

==Woodcutting Talents==
{{Talents by Category Table|Wood Talents}}

==Trivia==
* Upon release in Version 2.0, [[Aralia Wood]], [[Otogi Wood]], and [[Yumemiru Wood]]<!--what about Maple Wood?--> did not count towards the completion of the "[[T—T—T—Timberhochwandi]]" achievement found in ''[[A Realm Beyond: Series I]]''. This was fixed in Version 2.1<!--or earlier-->.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Wood
|zhs     = 木材
|zhs_rm  = Mùcái
|zht     = 木材
|zht_rm  = Mùcái
|zh_tl   = Timber
|ja      = 木材
|ja_rm   = Mokuzai
|ja_tl   = Timber
|ko      = {{tt|목재|木材}}
|ko_tl   = Timber
|es      = Madera
|es_tl   = Wood
|fr      = Bois
|fr_tl   = Wood
|ru      = Древесина
|ru_tl   = Wood
|th      = วัสดุไม้
|th_rm   = Watsadu Mai
|th_tl   = Wood Material
|vi      = Gỗ
|vi_tl   = Wood
|de      = Holz
|de_tl   = Wood
|id      = Kayu
|id_tl   = Wood
|pt      = Madeira
|pt_tl   = Wood
|tr      = Kütük
|tr_tl   = Log
|it      = Legno
|it_tl   = Wood
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[Category:Wood| ]]

[[fr:Bois]]
[[ja:木材]]
[[pt-br:Madeira]]
[[th:ไม้ (วัสดุ)]]
[[ru:Древесина]]