{{About|the World Quest series|the Forest Adventure Journal chapter and its completion requirements|Aranyaka (Gadget)#I: Woodland Encounter}}
{{Act Infobox
|image          = World Quest Woodland Encounter.png
|type           = World
|chapter        = Aranyaka
|actNum         = I
|actType        = Part
|next           = Dream Nursery
}}
'''Woodland Encounter''' is the first part of the [[Aranyaka]] [[World Quest]] series.

==Quests==
# [[Woodland Encounter (Quest)|Woodland Encounter]]
# [[The Children of Vimara Village]]
# [[Into the Woods]]
# [[The Lost Child]]

==Summary==
===Woodland Encounter===
As the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] leave [[Gandharva Ville]], they hear a cry for help, finding a female Forest Watcher fighting some [[fungus]] off. After eliminating the troublesome monsters, the Forest Watcher introduces herself as [[Rana]]. Rana offers to guide them to [[Vimara Village]], which they accept.

===The Children of Vimara Village===
As they walk to the village, they come upon a [[The Withering|Withering Zone]], with Rana explaining (if they hadn't cleared it with [[Tighnari]] [[Chronic Illness|before]]) about the dangers of the zone, especially to humans without a [[Vision]]. The Traveler restores the area before Paimon remarks about the [[Aranara|mysterious creatures]] they saw earlier when they arrived in Sumeru. Rana recognizes them as the Aranara, but they're dismissed as tales.

They finally reach the village, where Rana introduces them to [[Amadhiah]] and [[Alphonso]]. There, the Traveler learns that the children of the village have gone missing recently; they had tried to search for them to no avail, only for them to inexplicably return several days later with no recollection of what happened. The Traveler suspects that the children are hiding something and tries to get information by appeasing them with stories but is unsuccessful. After telling the stories, Rana asks the Traveler to help her deal with some new Withering Zones that appeared.

===Into the Woods===
During the patrol, the Traveler eliminates several Withering Zones on their route. Afterwards, Rana states that their next job is to control the local [[Spinocrocodile]] population, as their numbers have been growing too high recently. Paimon is surprised they aren't handling the Withering, but Rana explains that a Forest Watcher's job is to also ensure the ecosystem is in perfect balance. After thinning the Spinocrocodile numbers, they head to a reserve camp to stay for the night. The Traveler and Paimon collect firewood while Rana prepares some curry. Rana then briefly talks about the Aranara, who were visited by another [[Traveler's Sibling|gold-haired human]] which gets the Traveler and Paimon's interest before they sleep.

===The Lost Child===
After getting a good night's sleep, the trio prepare to return to Vimara Village when they spot [[Iotham]] running in the distance. Some [[The Eremites/Enemies|Eremites]] appear chasing him, but they drive them off before heading into the caves, where they're ambushed by the [[Fatui]]. However, they defeat them and continue heading deeper into the cave, where they find Iotham bubbled in the middle of a Withering Zone.

Rana, seeing Iotham in danger, decides to charge into the Withering Zone despite being aware that she could not withstand its effects due to lacking a Vision. The Traveler assists her in clearing the zone and free Iotham. However, the short and brief exposure has caued Rana to fall sickly ill, forcing them to leave her behind to return Iotham back to the village. They then return to get her, but discover her missing, albeit with some traces of energy left behind.

Following the trail, they run into a strange hut where they meet [[Arana]], a member of the Aranara who explains that Rana was sickened by "[[Marana's Avatar|Marana]]" and needs [[Bija]] to be restored. It directs them to [[Vanarana]] to begin the process of curing her.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Woodland Encounter
|zhs     = 林中奇遇
|zhs_rm  = Lín Zhōng Qíyù
|zht     = 林中奇遇
|zht_rm  = Lín Zhōng Qíyù
|zh_tl   = 
|ja      = 森の中の奇遇
|ja_rm   = Mori no Naka no Kiguu
|ja_tl   = Unexpected Meeting in the Forest
|ko      = 숲속의 조우
|ko_rm   = Supsok-ui Jou
|ko_tl   = Encounter in-Forest
|es      = Encuentro en el bosque
|es_tl   = Encounter in the Forest
|fr      = Rencontre dans la forêt
|fr_tl   = Encounter in the Forest
|ru      = Встреча в лесу
|ru_tl   = A Meeting in the Forest
|th      = การพบเจอสุดอัศจรรย์กลางผืนป่า
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Cuộc Gặp Trong Rừng
|vi_tl   = Encounter in the Forest
|de      = Begegnung im Wald
|de_tl   = Encounter in the Forest
|id      = Perjumpaan di Hutan
|id_tl   = Encounter in the Forest
|pt      = Encontro na Floresta
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Ormanda Karşılaşma
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Incontro dei boschi
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Encuentro en el bosque (serie)]]
[[ru:Встреча в лесу]]