{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71805
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|requirement   = Complete [[A New Star Approaches]]
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|rewards       = Adventure EXP*100;Mora*15,000;Teachings of Prosperity*4;Teachings of Diligence*4;Teachings of Gold*4
|rep           = Liyue
|repAmt        = 20
|repOrder      = 188
|characters    = Gentry De'an; Jifang; Traveler; Uncle Tian
}}
'''''Words Worth Their Weight in Mora''''' is a [[World Quest]] that occurs in [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Jifang]]
# Help Jifang deliver the book (0/2)
#*Deliver [[Verses of Equilibrium]] to [[Uncle Tian]]
#*Deliver [[Rex Incognito (IV)]] to [[Gentry De'an]]
# Report back to Jifang

==Gameplay Notes==
* As of [[Version 1.2]], if you purchased [[Verses of Equilibrium]] before completing this quest, delivering the book to [[Uncle Tian]] will permanently remove it from your inventory, as it is considered a Quest Item and not a book stored in the Archive. There is currently no way to get it back.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|The recent crisis that beset [[Liyue Harbor]] has reinvigorated interest in history. [[Wanwen Bookhouse]] has seen a resurgence in business as a result, and its owner Jifang is on the verge of being overwhelmed...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Jifang)
:'''Jifang:''' Guess everyone's interested in history now, eh...
:{{DIcon}} What's the matter?
:'''Jifang:''' A lot of people have gotten interested in Liyue's history recently, and many of them have been coming to my store to buy books...
:'''Jifang:''' In the past, it would take half a year to sell the few copies of "[[Yakshas: The Guardian Adepti]]" that we had, so I stopped importing such obscure history books...
:'''Jifang:''' But after the recent events that happened here, people from all over the city would come here to purchase history texts...
:'''Jifang:''' These past few days have been full of customers who specifically wanted books containing Rex Lapis' stories.
:'''Jifang:''' *sigh* Who knows if they really love reading, or if they're just looking to inject a bit of spice into their daily chatter...
:'''Jifang:''' Due to the surge in demand, I've almost had no time to attend to some special orders that we've gotten from old customers.
:'''Jifang:''' I finally found the time to put together the books that two such customers wanted, but I'm too busy to leave the store at the moment.
:'''Jifang:''' Could you help me send this copy of "Verse of Equilibrium" to Uncle Tian, and this copy of "Rex Incognito (IV)" to Gentry De'an?
:{{DIcon}} I'll do it.
::'''Jifang:''' Thank you very much. They must surely be growing impatient by now. After all, they placed their order a long time ago, but I've only just gotten around to putting those orders together...
::'''Jifang:''' *sigh* With so many customers all of a sudden, I barely know how to keep up...
:{{DIcon}} I'd love to, but I have to get going.
::'''Jifang:''' No problem. I'll look for someone else to help me out.
:;(Does not accept the quest)

;(Talk to [[Jifang]] again)
:'''Jifang:''' Found one you like? Please pay over here.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, about those two books...
:'''Jifang:''' The two of them are long-time customers of ours. I usually prepare their books beforehand.
:'''Jifang:''' But I ended up dragging my feet a little this time due to the surge in business.
:'''Jifang:''' They must have gotten impatient...
----

;(Talk to [[Gentry De'an]])
:'''Gentry De'an:''' What is it, youngster?
:{{DIcon}} Here's the order you placed with Jifang.
:'''Gentry De'an:''' The fourth volume of Rex Incognito? I placed this order eons ago. Why has it tarried till now?
:'''Gentry De'an:''' Let me see. Huh? A first edition? Why, no wonder it took so long...
:'''Gentry De'an:''' To think I'd assumed that Jifang had forgotten about my book amid all the other customers...
:'''Gentry De'an:''' Thank you for delivering this book to me, youngster.

;(Talk to [[Gentry De'an]] again)
:'''Gentry De'an:''' Alas, Rex Lapis...

;(Talk to [[Uncle Tian]])
:'''Uncle Tian:''' What can I do for you, youngster?
:{{DIcon}} Here's the order you placed with Jifang.
:'''Uncle Tian:''' The what now? ...Oh, ah yes. I believe I ordered a copy of the Verses of Equilibrium at the Wanwen Bookhouse.
:'''Uncle Tian:''' Indeed, indeed, this is that book that I wanted. Haha, I was beginning to think that Jifang might have forgotten about my order, what with the other customers and all...
:'''Uncle Tian:''' But it's here now, and that's good. The binding is fairly good as well. Conscientious as always, that Jifang.
:'''Uncle Tian:''' Thank you, youngster. I'll take this with me, now.

;(Talk to [[Uncle Tian]] again)
:'''Uncle Tian:''' "They who read history shall learn how we rise and fall"... So they say, but there are a few who read history to learn these things nowadays...
----
;(Talk to Jifang)
:'''Jifang:''' Found one you like? Please pay over here.
:{{DIcon|Quest}} So, about those two books...
:'''Jifang:''' Have you delivered them?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, I have.
:'''Jifang:''' Thank you. Wanwen Bookhouse has managed to stay open all this time due to the support of our long-time customers.
:'''Jifang:''' What's more, these customers are true lovers of books. It should gladden them greatly to receive good ones.
:'''Jifang:''' Thanks so much for your help, Traveler. Please take this as compensation for your efforts.
:'''Jifang:''' If you should ever with to purchase any books, feel free to approach me.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Words Worth Their Weight in Mora
|zhs      = 书抵万金
|zhs_rm   = Shū Dǐ Wàn Jīn
|zht      = 書抵萬金
|zht_rm   = Shū Dǐ Wàn Jīn
|zh_tl    = Books Worth Ten-Thousand Gold
|ja       = 万金に値する本
|ja_rm    = Mankin ni Atai Suru Hon
|ja_tl    = Book Worth Thousands
|ko       = 만금보다 귀한 책
|ko_rm    = Mangeumboda Gwihan Chaek
|ko_tl    = Book More Precious Than Thousands of Gold
|es       = Libros que valen su peso en Mora
|es_tl    = Books Worth Their Weight in Mora
|fr       = Richesse littéraire
|fr_tl    = Literary Wealth
|ru       = Письмо ценою в десять тысяч золотых
|ru_tl    = A Letter Worth Ten Thousand Gold
|th       = หนังสือมีค่ากว่าทอง
|th_rm    = 
|th_tl    = 
|vi       = Đặt Sách Ngàn Vàng
|vi_tl    = 
|de       = Wertvolle Worte
|de_tl    = Valuable Words
|id       = Buku yang Lebih Berharga dari Mora
|id_tl    = (A) Book that is More Worthy than Mora
|pt       = Palavras Valem seu Peso em Mora
|pt_tl    = Words are Worth Your Weight in Mora
|tr       = Mora Değerinde Sözler
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Il prezzo della cultura
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[es:Libros que valen su peso en Mora]]
[[ja:万金に値する本]]