{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 12005
|image         = Story Quest Ayaka A1 Woven Wishes.png
|type          = Story
|chapter       = Grus Nivis Chapter
|actNum        = I
|part          = 2
|act           = The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit
|character     = Kamisato Ayaka
|requirement   = 
|startLocation = [[Narukami Island]], [[Inazuma]]
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Narukami Island
|prev          = A Private Commission
|next          = Food From Afar
|exp           = 525
|mora          = 35,475
|primogems     = 
|other         = 
{{Card|Hero's Wit|4}}{{Card|Mystic Enhancement Ore|8}}
|characters    = Kamisato Ayaka; Kurisu; Ogura Mio; Paimon; Ronin (NPC); Traveler
|voiced        = yes
}}
'''Woven Wishes''' is the second part of [[Kamisato Ayaka]]'s [[Story Quest]] [[Grus Nivis Chapter]]: Act I - [[The Whispers of the Crane and the White Rabbit]].

==Steps==
# Go to [[Ogura Textiles & Kimonos]]
# Talk to Kamisato Ayaka
# Go to the [[International Trade Association]] in [[Ritou]]
# Check out the situation nearby
# Talk to [[Kurisu]]
# Go to the scene of the incident to check out the situation
# Follow the footprints
# Talk to the [[Ronin (NPC)|ronin]] who snatched away the goods
# Defeat the ronin
#* Ayaka will be available as trial character
# Talk to Kurisu
# Return to Ogura Textiles & Kimonos

==Gameplay Notes==
*After the second step, the description change as follows: "As per Kamisato Ayaka's request, you and Paimon help her prepare for her meeting with [[Tsubaki]]. The first thing that is needed is specially-made garment. However, in present-day Inazuma, the [[Silk Flower|silk]] needed to make the garment is a scarce resource. You get to work on resolving this dilemma."

==Trial Character==
{{Trial Character
|wl                     = 8
|character_name          = Kamisato Ayaka
|character_level8        = 88
|constellation8          = 3
|weapon_name             = Mistsplitter Reforged
|weapon_level8           = 88
|refinement8             = 1
|artifact_flower         = Royal Flora
|artifact_feather        = Royal Plume
|artifact_sands          = Royal Pocket Watch
|artifact_goblet         = Royal Silver Urn
|artifact_circlet        = Royal Masque
|artifact_level8         = 20
|set1                    = Noblesse Oblige
|set1_piece_bonus        = 4
|normal_attack_talent8   = 6
|elemental_skill_talent8 = 6
|elemental_burst_talent8 = 9
|hp8                     = 26,578
|atk8                    = 2,041
|def8                    = 961
|em8                     = 105
|er8                     = 135.0%
|crit_rate8              = 57.1%
|crit_dmg8               = 172.5%
|other_stats8            = Any Elemental DMG comes from Mistsplitter Reforged's passive
}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|At [[Kamisato Ayaka|Ayaka]]'s request, you and Paimon accompany her to prepare gifts necessary to meet "[[Tsubaki]]".}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Go to Ogura Textiles & Kimonos)
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hm? This must be...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's a festival promotion.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, speaking of &mdash; we haven't been anywhere fun since we arrived in Inazuma!
:{{DIcon}} Did you want to go, Ayaka?
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' N&mdash;No, what made you think that? Ahem... Festivals are a common occurrence here in Inazuma. We in the Yashiro Commission are very well acquainted with these sorts of customs.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Each season brings its own festival... and each festival, in turn, brings a fresh challenge to the task of maintaining public order...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' So, while festivals are undoubtedly joyous and lively occasions, for us they are also a cause of concern...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh! My apologies, I should stop thinking about work, this is hardly relevant to the matter at hand. This store here is the place I wanted to visit.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Oh, so you weren't checking out the promotion... Well, let's take a look inside then.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Welcome, I have all the latest styles. Please take a look!
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 02.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Oh! It's Miss Kamisato &mdash; with guests from overseas! Welcome to Ogura Textiles & Kimonos. Are you here to purchase fabric, or for tailored garments?
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh! Greetings to you too. I have a design here for a garment, would you be so kind as to take a look?
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Ohh, Ayaka came prepared!
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 03.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Let me see... Hmm? Hmm, this could be...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Mm-hmm? Could be?
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 04.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' &mdash;Oh, it's a very fine design!
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 05.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' ...Miss Kamisato &mdash; you'd like us to make a kimono following this design, yes?
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Please, if you could.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 06.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' I'm honored that you'd choose Ogura Textiles & Kimonoos for your tailoring needs! However... there is one rather difficult problem...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 07.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Based on the design, this kind of kimono would require silk made from the Silk Flower. The majority of Inazuma's silk is imported from Liyue Harbor, but given the current climate...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 08.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' *sigh* As you well know, Inazuma is currently under a strict lockdown.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 09.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' In all honesty, the impact on the textiles industry has been quite significant. We're struggling to import high-grade fabrics, so much of our tailoring business has been put on hold indefinitely.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 10.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' But of course, where our customers are able to provide the fabric themselves, we can still be of service.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *sigh* So you're saying, we need to go and buy some silk first?
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' If even Ogura Textiles & Kimonos can't get ahold of high-grade fabric... where would we buy it from?
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 11.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' You could try the International Trade Association. They are a little better connected than we are &mdash; after all, the association brings together merchants from all over the world.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 12.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' The only thing is their prices... they're not the cheapest. In times like these, though, we're lucky to even have an option of getting hold of the things we want in the first place.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Huh, so even just getting clothes made is an ordeal in Inazuma...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, the International Trade Association? That's Kurisu's thing, right? We haven't been to Ritou in a while.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hmm... It looks like that will be our next stop.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you ever so much. We will be back once we've acquired the fabric.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' In the meantime, I have one other very small request. Could you...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Why's she being so secretive all of the sudden?
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 13.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Mm-hmm... Absolutely.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Much obliged.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 14.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' My pleasure, Miss Kamisato.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 oguramio 15.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Honestly, I'm just as excited as you to see the end product! We haven't made a silk kimono for the longest time now, and this is a beautiful design...
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That's very kind of you, thank you. Goodbye for now.
:{{A|vo aylq002 2 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, Paimon &mdash; let's try our luck at the International Trade Association.

;(Talk to Ogura Mio again)
:{{A|vo dialog aylq002 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' I do hope you manage to get hold of your silk.
----

;(Upon reaching the next location)
:{{A|vo aylq002 3 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This is it, the International Trade Association.
:{{A|vo aylq002 3 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay, then... we need to talk to Kurisu, right?
:{{A|vo aylq002 3 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Doesn't look like he's here. Let's look around!
----

;(Upon finding Kurisu)
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Look, look! There he is!
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah, looks like we found him.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 01.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' *whimpering* What am I going to do...
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Mr. Kurisu, are you alright?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 02.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Oh! You're M&mdash;Miss Ayaka from the K&mdash;[[Kamisato Clan]]. How do you do?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Better than you, it appears.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 03.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' And if it isn't the Traveler... I haven't seen you in a while &mdash; I take it you've been out of Ritou?
:{{DIcon}} It sure has been a bit.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 04.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Thanks again for your help last time. The Association is back in business, and it's all thanks to you.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' That's great, but uh... Why were you staring into space right now? Did something bad happen?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 05.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Well... you see... *sigh*
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 06.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' It's embarrassing to admit, but some of the Association's goods have been... stolen. By vagrants.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Which goods were stolen?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 07.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' It was a batch of high-grade silk.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...!
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 08.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' We imported a big batch of silk from Liyue several years ago. It's been sitting in storage ever since.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 09.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Recently, we heard that clothing stores in the city have more or less sold off all their silk stocks. So we figured now would be a good time to bring our batch out of storage, thinking it'd probably fetch a good price. But then...
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 10.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' The vagrants swiped the whole batch then disappeared into the woods. I'd report it to the authorities, but...
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 11.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Well, as you know, they don't think much of foreign merchants like us. The Kanjou Commission don't want to give us the time of day &mdash; honestly, you can just tell that our suffering amuses them...
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' While I also take issue with aspects of the Kanjou Commission's operational methods, please remember, Mr. Kurisu, that while you are here in Inazuma, you should be careful with your words.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 12.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Oh! M&mdash;My apologies... I had to let off some steam...
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 13.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Anyway, there doesn't seem to be much we can do ourselves to get our good back.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 14.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' *sigh* Perhaps I'm doomed to go bankrupt after all...
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I'm afraid I can't intervene in an official capacity... but I can still help you get your lost goods back.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 15.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Of course, I would never&mdash; Wait, what!?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' What!?
:{{DIcon}} Seriously?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes. Acting in my own of capacity, mind you. Even then, there is no escaping the fact that my every action and word will be seen to reflect on the Yashiro Commission and the Kamisato Clan.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I do so not without reservations, so... I hope that you will treat this matter as confidential.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' That aside &mdash; as I'm sure you're aware, I'm afraid that I won't always be able to help you in such circumstances.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Given your position and that of the International Trade Association... please try to exercise more caution in the future. You do not want to incur further unnecessary losses.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 16.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' We will, we certainly will!
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 17.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' But, um... are you sure this isn't going to cause any issues... for you?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 18.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' What if someone high up in the Kanjou Commission sees what you're doing and doesn't like it? You're a highly respected member of society... Surely, putting your neck on the line for small-timers like me can't be worth the risk!?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Very humorous.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Let's not forget that I am the eldest daughter of the Kamisato Clan. I would be very surprised indeed if anybody in the Kanjou Commission felt that I was accountable to them for my actions.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Whoa, that sent shivers down Paimon's spine! Does everyone form a powerful clan talk like that?
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Mr. Kurisu, I need to know the exact time and location of the theft, and anything that stood out about the perpetrators' appearance.
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 kurisu 19.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Thank you so much! Let's see, it was two hours ago now, over at the...
:'''''Kurisu explains whys and wherefores of the serial theft cases...'''''
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Everyone, please follow me to the scene of the crime. The investigation starts there...
:{{A|vo aylq002 6 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Alright, off we go!
----
;(Upon reaching the scene)
:{{A|vo aylq002 7 kurisu 01.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Here we are. This is where we were robbed.
:{{A|vo aylq002 7 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey, look on the ground! What're those?
:{{A|vo aylq002 7 kurisu 02.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Huh...? Footprints! Very deep ones at that... leading towards the forest.
:{{A|vo aylq002 7 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hmm, presumably the depth suggests that they were carrying something heavy.
:{{A|vo aylq002 7 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Let's see were they lead!
----
;(At the end of footprints trail)
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Stop, thief!
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 rounin 01.ogg}} '''Ronin:''' Hah! You think you can get your stuff back with this bunch? You must be dreaming.
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 kurisu 01.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Why you... You better hope you have the courage of your convictions...
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 rounin 02.ogg}} '''Ronin:''' Why wouldn't I, old man? Answer me this &mdash; you're one of those outlander merchants, right?
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 rounin 03.ogg}} '''Ronin:''' You trade association types are worms, coming over to our land, leeching off our people... Who's gonna leap to your defense, huh? Tell me, who's gonna stick their neck out for the likes of you?
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 rounin 04.ogg}} '''Ronin:''' Hahaha! Look at that, no response. You know I'm right.
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 rounin 05.ogg}} '''Ronin:''' Face it. This is Inazuma, you've got no ties here, you're at the bottom of the pile... Can you really blame us for walking all over you?
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 kurisu 02.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' ...You are despicable...
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 rounin 06.ogg}} '''Ronin:''' Hey! I just had an idea. Since you came all this way &mdash; how about we do some business?
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 kurisu 03.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Business?
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 rounin 07.ogg}} '''Ronin:''' Pay up, and you can take your fabric back. Sound good? If you ask me, it beats walking out of here with black eyes and a broken nose.
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' *gasp* You're just a big bully!
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 kurisu 04.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' I... Ugh! What choice do I have...
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Wait.
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Mr. Kurisu, please do not pay any money to this man.
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 kurisu 05.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' But, but...
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I trust you remember our agreement? If you keep your lips firmly sealed, I, too, shall uphold my end of the deal.
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 kurisu 06.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Oh, yes, of course!
:{{A|vo aylq002 10 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Then please stand well back, where it is safe. Now... it is time for me to honor my word.
----
;(After the battle)
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Well, that's that resolved then!
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' ...Phew.
:{{DIcon}} That was amazing, Ayaka.
:{{DIcon}} You made that look so easy!
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' No, please, I... It was nothing. I was simply doing my duty.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 01.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Miss Kamisato, Traveler, a&mdash;are you hurt!?
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Don't worry. We're fine.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The vagrants left in quite a hurry &mdash it would seem they didn't have time to take anything with them. I believe your stolen goods should all be here.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 02.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Th&mdash;Thank you, thank you so much...
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' You'd best do a count.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 03.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' 6,8,10... Yep, it's all here!
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Great! Now we can finally buy some silk!
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 04.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Buy silk? ...You mean, you need some of this silk, here?
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' This was indeed our intent.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Don't get us wrong though, that's not the reason we helped you out! Even if it were just a few Carrots or Cabbages, chances are we still would've helped you get them back.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon thinks we were pretty lucky! If we'd arrived any later, our chances of getting silk in Inazuma would have been zero...
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 05.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' I honestly can't thank you all enough...
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 06.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Please, say no more! You need silk? I'll pick out a piece for you right away!
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you, good sir. How much do I owe you?
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 07.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Oh, it's free of charge! I could never ask you to pay after everything you've done for me!
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' No, no, that will never do. Things cost what they cost, and what they cost is what I shall pay.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Merchants already have enough challenges to deal with, and as Paimon explained, my help was unconditional. Please, sell your wares to me at the price you would sell them to any other customer.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 10.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' There is nothing to feel distressed about, because nothing, I repeat, nothing happened here in these woods today. Did it?
:{{DIcon}} Nope, just an uneventful stroll in the woods.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 08.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' Thank you, I... I don't think I could ever repay you. You have helped me greatly, and I will never forget it.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 kurisu 09.ogg}} '''Kurisu:''' I'm afraid we must part ways &mdash; I must get these goods back to the Association. If you ever need anything at all, just come to the International Trade Association and ask for Kurisu!
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Very well, and thank you for the silk, Mr. Kurisu.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 paimon 05.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' See ya then, bye! Safe journey home, don't go getting robbed again!
:'''''Ayaka buys the fabric, and Kurisu thanks and bids you all goodbye...'''''
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, thank you for stepping in to help out.
:{{DIcon}} No worries, it's what I signed up for.
:{{DIcon}} It was no trouble.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But... how come those vagrants didn't seem to know who you were? They must move in completely different circles, maybe they've never seen anyone from the Kamisato Clan before?
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Perhaps. Either way, I'm glad they didn't recognize me. The fewer people who know what happened today, the better.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hee-hee, it's not every day an important person like you helps out someone like Kurisu. It really shows what a great person you are.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh, uh... Your praise is quite unwarranted. I merely did what anyone in my position would have done...
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I admit that it did feel strange for me to come to his aid... But this should have nothing to do with identity, or social class... As far as I'm concerned, it was one individual helping another in need.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I guess that deep down... I don't see how a society can be considered just when people encounter such obstacles in their livelihoods...
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Ah! Sorry, I'm getting off topic.
:{{DIcon}} No problem.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 ayaka 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Right. Let's head back to Ogura Textiles & Kimonos and give our hard-won silk to the shopkeeper.
:{{A|vo aylq002 12 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Okay!
----
;(Return to Ogura's Textiles & Kimonos)
:{{A|vo aylq002 14 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hey there, we're back!
:{{A|vo aylq002 14 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Welcome back!
:{{A|vo aylq002 14 oguramio 02.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' So, any luck at the International Trade Association? Did they have any silk in stock?
:{{A|vo aylq002 14 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes, they did.
:{{A|vo aylq002 14 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Here.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 oguramio 01.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Excellent news! So, apart from the silk, I think everything else I need, I've got in store already...
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 oguramio 02.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' I just need to go and take stock of our material &mdash; it won't take me a moment. I'll be right back.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 01.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They'd better be all there!
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 01.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I do hope nothing else is missing.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 02.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Traveler, on the subject of garments, I've been meaning to acquire a new outfit for you, too.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 03.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' It's just... I wasn't sure how you'd feel about the idea of dressing in Inazuman attire...
:{{DIcon}} It's a kind thought, but I'm fine with my current outfit.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 04.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Oh? Are you sure?
:{{DIcon}} These clothes are special to me.
:{{DIcon}} If I'm too concerned about my appearance, I'll lose my edge in battle.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 05.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Is that so...
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 06.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Impressive... So, travelers of your stature hold themselves to a dress code, as well as a code of conduct.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 02.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Hmm... More like, when you're away from home, you've gotta live by certain rules to survive, whether you like it or not.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 03.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' But Paimon would still love to check out some Inazuman outifts!
:{{DIcon}} Do they do Paimon sizes here?
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 04.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Just what is that supposed to mean? They make them in whatever size the customer asks for!
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 07.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hahaha, ah, your interactions are so adorable to watch... Ahem! I mean, um... I can certainly find someone to tailor a Paimon-sized outfit, if Paimon so wishes.
:{{DIcon}} Ayaka, you're too kind.
:{{DIcon}} Thanks, but Paimon and I are fine as we are.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 08.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Hm, well if you're sure... As you wish.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 09.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Something else I've been wondering is... how do people in other nations dress?
:{{DIcon}} They dress very strangely.
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 05a.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' It's so true &mdash; people dress in all kinds of ways!
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 05a 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Some people like to wear a hood, some cover up half their face with a mask, some just straight-up dress like a peacock... Oh, and some have their tummy on show, others wear skin-tight leotards and leggings... If you can imagine it, Paimon guarantees that someone out there is wearing it!
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 10a.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Really? So there is no single standard, and people just dress however they like?
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 10a 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' So fascinating... Somehow, I feel a little envious...
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 05a 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wait, so you wanna dress like a peacock now?
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 10a 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' No, of course not! I&mdash;I just mean... I admire those who are able to do as they please.
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 10a 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I would very much like to travel across the seven nations... and see how people live.
:{{DIcon}} They dress very stylishly.
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 05b.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' They sure do! Each nation has its own unique style &mdash; traditional, fancy-schmancy, casual... All very different, but each style is suited to its region.
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 10b.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' The study of clothing is a profound discipline, and I have much still to learn.
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 10b 1.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' When clothing becomes part of the expression of one's personality, even an extension of one's body... That is quite a wonderful thing.
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 10b 2.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' So I am not against dressing up, far from it.
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 05b 1.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Paimon agrees! You couldn't have put it any better!
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 10b 3.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Paimon, you're so adorable that you could wear anything and it would look lovely on you.
::{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 05b 2.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Wow! Hee-hee, Paimon just got a compliment!
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 oguramio 03.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Sorry to keep you waiting! I've checked my inventory.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 11.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Thank you, is there anything else you're missing?
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 oguramio 04.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Fortunately not! I have all the materials I need. As for the size &mdash; would you like me to go by the dimensions given on the design?
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 12.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Yes please.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 oguramio 05.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Understood, I'll get to work shortly. In total, that'll be... this much!
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 13.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Here you go. Is it possible to treat this as an urgent order?
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 oguramio 06.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Well, luckily, we don't have any other urgents at the moment, so I can begin work right away. It will still take me some time, though, so please come and collect it later.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 oguramio 07.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' Until then, I'm sure you'll find somewhere nearby to pass the time.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 06.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Good idea! Let's check out the whole area, we don't wanna leave any loose ends.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 14.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Haha, there will be no loose ends while you're in my company. I already decided where to go while we wait.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 15.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' For our next stop, I'd like to take you both for a meal.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 07.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Fooood! Ooh, Paimon likes this plan!
:{{DIcon}} Perfect, I'm getting a little hungry myself.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 16.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Mm-hmm, I picked the venue especially for you &mdash; a humble local eatery called Kiminami Restaurant.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 17.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' I thought that the relaxed atmosphere there would suit our day much better than the prohibitively formal one of a high-end restaurant.
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 ayaka 18.ogg}} '''Kamisato Ayaka:''' Shall we head off?
:{{A|vo aylq002 15 paimon 08.ogg}} '''Paimon:''' Yup yup, Paimon can't wait!

;(Talk to Ogura Mio)
:{{A|vo dialog aylq002 oguramio 02.ogg}} '''Ogura Mio:''' The garment will be ready later. Why not look around the area in the meantime?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Woven Wishes
|zhs     = 丝织之愿
|zhs_rm  = Sīzhī zhī Yuàn
|zht     = 絲織之願
|zht_rm  = Sīzhī zhī Yuàn
|zh_tl   = Wish of Woven Silk Fabrics
|ja      = 織物の願い
|ja_rm   = Orimono no Negai
|ja_tl   = Fabric Wishes
|ko      = 직물에 깃든 소원
|ko_rm   = Jikmul-e Gitdeun Sowon
|ko_tl   = Wish Indwelt in Fabric
|es      = Deseos entramados
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Des souhaits tissés
|fr_tl   = Woven Wishes
|ru      = Сплетённые желания
|ru_tl   = Woven Wishes
|th      = ผ้าทอแห่งความปรารถนา
|th_rm   = Pha Tho haeng Khwam Pratthana
|th_tl   = Woven Fabric of Wishes
|vi      = Ước Nguyện Thêu Dệt
|vi_tl   = Woven Wishes
|de      = Gewebte Wünsche
|de_tl   = Woven Wishes
|id      = Keinginan yang Ditenun
|id_tl   = Woven Wishes
|pt      = Desejos Unidos
|pt_tl   = United Wishes
|tr      = Örülmüş Dilekler
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Desideri intessuti
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

[[es:Deseos entramados]]