{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Wriothesley
|id             = 368172
|image          = Wriothesley Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Wriothesley''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Morning briefing...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Recommendations...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Have a walk...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Underwater...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Such delicious tea...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Hello...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} I was just wondering...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hello there, {{Traveler}}.
:{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I was just thinking about finding a patch of grass to lie down if you don't need me for anything.

:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Hmm, I quite like the environment. The temperature and humidity are both near perfect. It's a very fitting place for a leisurely vacation.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You really are quite something, to possess such a cozy and comfortable haven, but still be willing to venture out into the unknown.
::{{DIcon}} There are some things that I must do.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You speak with conviction. I can tell those matters are extremely important to you.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It's not a bad thing to be committed to a goal. It can prevent you from losing your way in life.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But don't let your convictions control you and lead you down a dangerous path, okay?
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03a 4.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' After all, this wonderful place is still waiting for your return.
::{{DIcon}} Life is all about being on the move.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Huh, I like the sound of that phrase. I just might write it down and add it to one of the regulations at the Fortress of Meropide.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Should I say that it came from you?
:::{{DIcon}} Nope, that responsibility's all yours.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Ahh, you saw right through me.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03b 4.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Don't worry, though. I was just joking around.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship1 03b 5.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If I was actually going to add some new kind of rule, I will be sure to take full responsibility for it.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to chat?
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Sure. Got anything on your mind?
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Talking about the weather is usually a great way to get a conversation going, but it seems like the weather here is always the same.
::{{DIcon}} That's the work of Tubby, the teapot spirit.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I see, so the keeper of this place is a teapot spirit...
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' When I first arrived, I had actually mistaken her for one of those large finchbill pets.
::{{DIcon}} Don't judge a book by its cover.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Yeah, you're right.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Speaking of which, I actually made a similar mistake when I was young. I once thought that Melusines were the form that sea hares took when they hopped onto land.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It wasn't until I read some books that I realized just how silly I was.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' You should know that according to laws and regulations, Melusines are also recognized citizens of Fontaine. It is forbidden to view or treat them as pets or monsters.
::{{DIcon}} I figured it was something like that.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 09a 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Good, that makes for one less legal trouble you may get yourself into.
::{{DIcon}} First time I've ever heard of it...
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 09b 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I believe you owe me a big thank-you, then.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 09b 2.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Criminals that disrespect Melusines usually get slapped with a pretty hefty sentence.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Although it'd be great to have more people working in the Fortress, I've never been interested in instigating crime.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It is my hope that people will use more legitimate channels to find work in the Fortress of Meropide. There's no need to cause headaches for the upstanding ladies and gentlemen of the Palais Mermonia.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'd like to take a quick walk around here. Would you mind?
::{{DIcon}} Not at all. It's not like I can keep you in my sights all the time anyway.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 02a 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Our combat abilities aside, I will definitely stay put if that's what you prefer.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 02a 2.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' However, you've also gotten to know me a bit by now. It's true that I'm not accustomed to staying in an unfamiliar place for long.
::{{DIcon}} I figured you would've already explored the place.
:::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 02b 1.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' That would have been true if we were elsewhere... Making sure that my surroundings are safe is essential.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 02b 2.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' But this is your home. We don't have to worry about danger here, right?
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 02b 3.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' I'm curious, that's all. I just want to take a walk around this vast, miraculous place as if I were a tourist.
::{{DIcon}} I can show you some other teapot realms, too, if you'd like.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Wait, really?
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So, as long as you wish it, you can visit each of the seven nations without ever having to step outside?
::{{DIcon}} Want to give it a try?
::{{DIcon}} I can already see your excitement.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Haha, well, opportunities like that don't just come by every day.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If you want something, you should try your best to fight for it, won't you agree?
::{{DIcon}} Got it, I'll go switch up the realms for you.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' And I would be ever so grateful.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Obviously, I am also aware that there is no such thing as a free lunch.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So, if you are ever in need of my help, don't let anything hold you back. We will always welcome you at the Fortress of Meropide.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Of course, with that said, I hope you won't be coming down because of a new sentence.

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Your Grace.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' It's not every day that we get to meet in the overworld. There's no need to be so formal.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Morning. I hope you'll have a wonderful day.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Wriothesley.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Good night.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' The daytime hours are always full of sound and fury, so I've developed a habit of saving work that requires more considered thinking for the evening.
::{{A|vo wriothesley mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' However... I'll pass on that while I'm here. Allow me to space out for a little longer.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Full Force Forward in the Forbidden Fortress===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd wriothesley meropide 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Not bad. It really looks the part.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd wriothesley meropide 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Anyone who gets to compete in a tournament here must be the cream of the crop, since you're the one sending out the invitations.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd wriothesley meropide 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So, I'll pass &mdash; save myself the embarrassment. Besides... I make a good spectator.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Wellspring of Rule Violation Prevention===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd wriothesley meropideindoors 01.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' If I didn't know better, I'd think you were trying to coax me into working from your place so you can pry into the Fortress of Meropide's most closely guarded secrets...
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd wriothesley meropideindoors 02.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' Well, I hate to break it to you, but the majority of my day-to-day work is mundane accounting.
:{{A|vo mimitomo fd wriothesley meropideindoors 03.ogg}} '''Wriothesley:''' So I could consider working here, but only if... Well, let's put it this way &mdash; how good's your math?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Wriothesley/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Wriothesley/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:リオセスリ/仲間]]
[[ru:Ризли/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Wriothesley/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Wriothesley/Bạn Đồng Hành]]