{{Location Infobox
|image        = Wuwang Hill.png
|type         = Subarea
|region       = Liyue
|area         = Bishui Plain
}}
{{Location Intro|{{Lang|'''Wuwang Hill'''|zh=无妄坡|zh_rm=Wúwàng-pō|zh_tl=Prudence Slope}}|description=<p>The area is known for its eerie atmosphere, as the skies will always be dark gray regardless of whether it is daytime or nighttime.</p>}}

==Quests==
{{Quests by Category List|heo=1}}

==Features==
===Domains===
{{Domains by Category Gallery}}

===Exploration===
*[[Elemental Monument]] ({{Geo}})
*[[Rock Pile]]
*[[Ruins Torch]]
*[[Seelie]]

===Enemies===
====Normal Bosses====
* {{Enemy|Rhodeia of Loch}}

====Common Enemies====
{{Column|2|
* {{Enemy|Hilichurl}}
* {{Enemy|Rock Shield Hilichurl Guard}}
* {{Enemy|Electro Hilichurl Shooter}}
* {{Enemy|Pyro Hilichurl Shooter}}
* {{Enemy|Anemo Samachurl}}
* {{Enemy|Dendro Samachurl}}
* {{Enemy|Electro Cicin}}
* {{Enemy|Hydro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Pyro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Electro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Mutant Electro Slime}}
* {{Enemy|Large Pyro Slime}}
}}

====Elite Enemies====
* {{Enemy|Blazing Axe Mitachurl}}
* {{Enemy|Rock Shieldwall Mitachurl}}
* {{Enemy|Fatui Electro Cicin Mage}}

===Local Specialties===
* {{Item|Cor Lapis}}
* {{Item|Noctilucous Jade}}
* {{Item|Qingxin}}
* {{Item|Violetgrass}}

==Puzzles==
===Unlocking Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula===
Like for [[Cecilia Garden]], initially there will be a large rock on top of the domain. To unlock the domain, light up four [[Ruins Torch]]es scattered around the domain (some will be above on the hillside) and then activating the nearby [[Geo Monument]]. After that, the large rock will be broken, and the domain will unlock.

===Wuwang Hill Statue Puzzle===
This puzzle is on the top peak of Wuwang Hill, slightly southeast of [[Qingce Village]]. The writing is in the center of a small pool surrounded by a large number of statues.

"...Its bones pierced, its spirit faded, its form and soul both decimated...still did its flesh survive...Here stands this statue, ''to watch in each direction'': the ''wind-swept ruin'', the ''snow-capped peak'', the ''adepti's abode'', and the ''city of Liyue...''"

For this puzzle you have to only activate the four statues that are directly facing towards the hinted key location. The sequence of which ones to activate does not matter as long as they are the key 4, the puzzle will reset after four statues were selected if any of them were wrong and a Precious Chest appears if correct. The locations:

* Wind-Swept Ruin = [[Stormterror's Lair]]
* Snow-Capped Peak = [[Dragonspine]] Mountain
* Adepti's Abode = [[Mt. Aocang]]
* City of Liyue = [[Liyue Harbor]]

Just because a statue is positioned in the correct direction relative to the center with the incomplete writing does not mean it is necessarily the right one. The statue has to be DIRECTLY facing that direction. To check, before activating one, stand directly behind the statue and face your character in the exact same direction, then open the Map and check where your character arrow points to. At good graphics settings on the game, Dragonspine and Stormterror's Lair are directly visible from this spot in the distance making them easier to pick out, but the other two may not be so obvious so make sure to check on the map first.
<!--
==NPCs==
-->
==Interactables==
* [[Ruins Investigation Logs]]

==Lore==
There is a deserted and ruined village in the area, in which [[Meng]], [[Big G]], [[Little Wu]], [[Mumu]] and [[Congzi]] hailed from before it was abandoned, with the latter stating that a "disaster" completely destroyed the village. The forests contains ghost lights that float around, along with the [[Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula]] [[Domain]], which has to be unlocked by completing a puzzle.

This "disaster" may refer to a legend in which a sea monster from a distant land ensnared the youths of Wuwang Hill using a certain whale-like song, luring them into Bishui River and drowning them. This happened year after year, until all that was left were the elderly, who passed on from natural causes. The ley lines in the area absorbed the hopes and dreams of those who died, recreating them with elemental energy. This phenomenon can ensnare travelers passing through the area, leading them to their doom much like the Wuwang villagers of old.<ref name="RoJ Vol 3">{{Ref/Book|Records of Jueyun|3|Wuwang}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* Once the Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula is opened, the [[Electro Cicin Mage]] and the Electro [[Cicins]] who normally wander back and forth around the inactive domain will no longer spawn.
* According to [[Records of Jueyun#Vol. 3|Records of Jueyun - Vol. 3 (Wuwang)]], {{Lang|Wuwang|zh={{wt|無|无|Chinese}}{{wt|妄||Chinese}}|zh_rm=Wúwàng}} means "prudence" (or possibly more literally, "without recklessness") and Wuwang Hill is "the hill where [even] the prudent are punished."
** {{Lang|Wuwang|zh={{wt|無妄|无妄|Chinese}}|zh_rm=Wúwàng}} is also the {{w|List of hexagrams of the I Ching#Hexagram 25|twenty-fifth hexagram}} in the I Ching, with several different meanings, including: "without embroiling," "innocence," and "pestilence."
* The floating blue particles that can be seen in the forest surrounding the Hidden Palace of Zhou Formula may represent Will-o'-the-Wisps or Hitodama Lights, both of which are mystical creatures representing the souls of the dead or some supernatural presence.

==Soundtrack==
{{Soundtracks by Category Table|Wuwang Hill Soundtracks|header=Wuwang Hill}}

<!--
==Gallery==
==Video Guides==
-->

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Wuwang Hill
|zhs     = 无妄坡
|zhs_rm  = Wúwàng-pō
|zht     = 無妄坡
|zht_rm  = Wúwàng-pō
|zh_tl   = Prudence Slope<ref name="RoJ Vol 3" />
|ja      = {{Rubi|無|む|妄|ぼう}}の{{Rubi|丘|おか}}
|ja_rm   = Mubou no Oka<ref>[[Map]], Label: Wuwang Hill (Japanese)</ref>
|ja_tl   = Wuwang Hill{{Sino|ja|part=1}}
|ko      = {{tt|무망|無妄}}의 언덕
|ko_rm   = Mumang-ui Eondeok
|ko_tl   = Wuwang Hill{{Sino|ko|part=1}}
|es      = Colina Wuwang
|es_tl   = Wuwang Hill
|fr      = Pente Wuwang
|fr_tl   = Wuwang Slope
|ru      = Склон Уван
|ru_tl   = Wuwang Slope
|th      = Wuwang Hill
|vi      = Dốc {{tt|Vô Vọng|無妄}}
|vi_tl   = Wuwang Slope{{Sino|vi|part=1}}
|de      = Wuwang-Hang
|de_tl   = Wuwang Slope
|id      = Wuwang Hill
|pt      = Colina de Wuwang
|pt_tl   = Wuwang Hill
|tr      = Wuwang Tepesi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Collina di Wuwang
|it_tl   = Wuwang Hill
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Liyue}}

[[es:Colina Wuwang]]
[[ja:無妄の丘]]
[[pt-br:Colina de Wuwang]]
[[ru:Склон Уван]]