{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Xianyun
|id             = 368179
|image          = Character Xianyun Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Xianyun''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Mechanics...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Delicacies, you say?
:{{DIcon|Idle}} One's disciples...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} None for a chat...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Ah, unfettered comfort!

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A pleasant sight...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} One perceives that...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' This realm offers pleasing scenery, a state of quietude, and excellent amenities. Very suitable for those who wish to study the art of mechanics in peace.
:{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Were you perchance inspired by one's own abode?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' It brims with adeptal energy, the views are expansive... Yes, it is most to one's liking.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Speaking of adeptal energy... mortals cannot wield the power of Sub-Space Creation with which this abode was made. Whence did you procure this treasure?
::{{DIcon}} It was a gift from Madame Ping.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Ah, I see.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Streetward Rambler has always been fond of natural scenery, and often laments its transient nature, for the most pleasant sights tend to disappear with the change of seasons...
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Small wonder, then, that she utilized the power of Sub-Space Creation to preserve her favorite sights within this teapot.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Yet it is you, through your furnishing endeavors, who have transformed this sub-space into the most homely of lodgings.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' The next time one feels reticent to seek sustenance in the outdoors... perhaps one shall invite oneself over for dinner.
::{{DIcon}} You're always welcome.
:::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 08a 1.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Oh? You accept the idea with such alacrity...
:::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 08a 2.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Then it is settled. One looks forward to your cooking.
::{{DIcon}} I'm not always in the mood to cook...
:::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 08b 1.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Well then, since one presumed to issue one's own invitation, you may leave the cooking to one's new and improved Supreme Cuisine Machine.
:::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship1 08b 2.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' We can eat anything that you desire. Whatever your imagination can conjure, one's machine can surely cook.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Oh? Most appealing. One does have a formidable aptitude for conversation.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' However, one is currently preoccupied with a technical conundrum of great importance... We may need to postpone any idle colloquy for later.
::{{DIcon}} What sort of technical conundrum is this?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' One once developed a supreme housekeeping machine to perform domestic chores such as sweeping and tidying.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' To enhance its functionality, one added a sound response module so that it could be operated with voice commands.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' However, the module is flawed. For instance, if one is too far away from the machine, it cannot detect the audio signal, and thus cannot be remotely operated...
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' ...Do you have any suggestions on how to resolve this problem?
::{{DIcon}} Just yell a little louder?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hmm... A viable solution, technically speaking, although a little inelegant.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' However... yes... Your suggestion has pointed one towards yet another solution. One simply needs to fashion... a sound amplification machine.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' With just a little adeptal energy, such a device could amplify sounds from hundreds of miles away, then pass the relevant commands to other audio-activated mechanisms... One shall have full command over one's contraptions without the need to move a muscle. Glorious!
::{{DIcon}} Adeptal energy makes everything so much easier...
::{{DIcon}} Is there any problem that mechanics can't solve?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' ...Very well, we may consider this conundrum resolved. Now, back to our conversation.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' When you said that you wanted to have a "chat," did you mean that you would like for one to tell you a story?
::{{DIcon}} Yup! I'll make us some tea.
:::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 12a.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Oh, you are a good child. Yes, with some fine tea to soothe the throat, one shall be able to talk far more fluidly.
::{{DIcon}} Yup! I'm sure you have some cool stories.
:::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 12b.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' No, not "some"... All of one's stories should qualify as "cool."
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Nevertheless... Ahem, one ought to refrain from sharing certain stories with you until having sought permission from some old friends.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' The girls whom you already know quite well, for instance... *sigh* To utter but a word about their childhoods is to hazard their faces scrunching up as if they had bitten into a sour lemon...
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Truly, one is most at ease when speaking with you. Still... you have spoken little of the things you and Paimon have experience in the past.
::{{DIcon}} Uhh, I just remembered that I've got something to do...
::{{DIcon}} Wait here a sec, I'll go get that tea!
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hmph... The ruse is quite unnecessary. If there are things you do not wish to speak of, so be it &mdash; one shall enquire no further.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Go. We may pick up this conversation again when you feel more comfortable telling your story. Whatever you share, one vows to never tell a soul.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' No, in fact, nothing in particular... Mortals are wont to rush from one endeavor to the next, but this is because their lifespan is short. They fear being left behind by their peers if they waste but a little of the time they have.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' One... has never felt that kind of distress.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' By nature, adepti are not part of the human world. For us, centuries can pass by in a flash. Not to mention that one prefers to focus single mindedly on the study of mechanisms, and tends to not to be distracted by worldly attachments.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Except, perhaps... Hmm, yes... The exception would be one's disciples... One cares for them as if they were one's own children.
::{{DIcon}} Then, uh... Why don't we just... chill out and relax?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hehe... Now that is another of one's areas of expertise.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Very well. In that case, allow one to share with you some rather novel means of relaxation.
::{{DIcon}} You mean... there's an art to it?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' There is indeed. One has quite the compilation of methods right here. Behold:
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' "Play mahjong with strangers," "Go to Mt. Hulao to knock on some amber"... Whenever one feels in need of relaxation, one simply draws at random from this collection.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like an odd lottery you have going there...
:::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 09a.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' And what, pray tell, is wrong with a little oddity in service of relaxation and fun?
::{{DIcon}} I've already done quite a few of these things.
:::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 09b.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Oh? Would you care to share your thoughts on the experience? One is quite curious.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' And of course, if you have other suggestions on novel ways to relax, one is all ears.
::{{DIcon}} For today... I just want to zone out.
::{{DIcon}} For today... I just want to not think about anything.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hmm, there is certainly merit to simply letting the mind wander freely. In idleness, we often find sparks of inspiration that might otherwise go unnoticed.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Still, one is at something of a loss regarding where to best partake in such an activity within this teapot...
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' You can change the scenery here at will to suit your mood, correct? Then perhaps... could you craft a likeness of Jueyun Karst?
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' ...No, on second thought, save yourself the trouble. Let us pay a visit to the real Jueyun Karst. Would you care to soar the skies by one's side? One could easily make that happen with one's mastery over wind and cloud.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds good to me.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Then it is decided. One needs just a moment to make a plan and retrieve a mechanism or two, and then we shall be on our way!

;(Between 6{{colon}}00 and 19{{colon}}00)
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Xianyun.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Good morning. I see you are a fellow early riser.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Is this because a hero's work never ends? Or are you simply hungry for breakfast? In either case, be sure to wrap up warm. We don't want you catching a cold.

;(Between 19{{colon}}00 and 6{{colon}}00)
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Xianyun.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Good night. The tranquility here in the hours after dark provides an ideal opportunity to focus on mechanical studies.
::{{A|vo xianyun mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' You also have an interest in mechanics? Well then, do you wish to be one's assistant for the evening?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Qingce Cloud Residence===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xianyun village 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Oh? What a quiet and tranquil spot, and it's modeled after a human village...
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xianyun village 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' A perfect place to sit and meditate...
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xianyun village 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' How did you... Hmph, clearly you somehow found out that one has been tinkering away with one's mechanisms and getting no sleep during the nights...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Gathering of Gourmets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xianyun restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' You brought me all the way out here just to show me the food stalls? Well, this was most unnecessary. These recipes look quite elementary &mdash; one could just as easily make them in the comfort of one's own home.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xianyun restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Hmm? Oh my, that wonderful aroma...
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xianyun restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Xianyun:''' Ahem... Well, since we're already here, we might as well take a seat and order some delicacies!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Xianyun/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Xianyun/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:閑雲/仲間]]
[[ru:Сянь Юнь/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Xianyun/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Xianyun/Bạn Đồng Hành]]