{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Xiangling
|id             = 368112
|image          = Character Xiangling Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Xiangling''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Ingredients...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} What to cook next...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} New dish...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Stove is on...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Guoba...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hello...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My latest creation...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hello, (Traveler)...
:{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I was just coming up with a new dish... don't worry, nothing too strange!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I love it! Very cozy. And there are so many new and interesting things I've never seen before!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Just a shame more of them aren't potential ingredients...
::{{DIcon}} Considering all the things you class as ingredients, that's really saying something.
::{{DIcon}} I'll see what I can do about that...
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hee-hee...
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' But really... Don't worry about it!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Combining existing ingredients in new ways already allows for countless variations in flavor.
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' The trick is to keep playing with different pairings &mdash; I've got plenty of new concepts to try out!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' But, um... What would really make a difference is if you could taste-test them a&mdash;and give me some feedback.
::{{DIcon}} Sure! I'll give you my honest opinion. No sugarcoating.
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Waah! Really? Great, I'll get cooking!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Absolutely! Service isn't for a while yet, so there's nothing on the stove.
::{{DIcon}} You really do enjoy cooking...
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Yep! Gastronomy just makes me happy!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' The best part is seeing smiles on my customers' faces. Those are the real fruits of my labor!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Oh &mdash; and...
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' ...It's really nothing to do with rare ingredients, secret recipes, or anything like that.
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I just use my own methods and try to bring out the best in every ingredient! Certainly seems to satisfy my customers.
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Still... it can be difficult at times.
::{{DIcon}} You mean when dishes don't work out?
::{{DIcon}} You mean when new concepts don't sell?
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Um... That does happen... but I wasn't talking so much about the food as...
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Well, sometimes, customers get to talking to each other, and they chat for so long that their food starts to get cold...
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I know I shouldn't really interrupt them, but reheating the food just ruins the flavor...
::{{DIcon}} Sounds frustrating.
:::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 11a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' It is! I knew you'd get it!
::{{DIcon}} But there's nothing much you can do about it.
:::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 11b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' *sigh* Yeah, I know... I guess I just have to learn to not let it get to me.
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hehe, I feel a lot better after talking to you about it though.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I want to go adventuring with you!
::{{DIcon}} Again? Isn't that what we always do?
:::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 02a 1.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Mm-hmm! Sure is!
:::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 02a 2.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' But even so, it's still the thing I wanna do most!
::{{DIcon}} I thought you'd want me to sample one of your creations.
:::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 02b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Taste-testing is all part of the adventure!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I want to go adventuring with you into the unknown, collect strange new ingredients from all over Teyvat, and invent new recipes for you to sample!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Ahh... the more I consider it, the more I think nothing could ever make me happier!
::{{DIcon}} (Happiness à la Xiangling is beautifully simple...)
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Huh? You okay?
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' You seem very quiet... Y&mdash;You don't like the idea?
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' I won't add any strange seasonings... promise!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Um &mdash; what I mean is... I'll definitely get your opinion before acting on any eureka moments!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' A&mdash;Also, I won't slow you down when we're out in the wilderness!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' And if I encounter any serious enemies, I promise I won't cause any trouble. First sign of danger, I'll run as fast as I can...
::{{DIcon}} I never said I didn't like the idea...
:::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 11a.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Phew! ...You scared the heck out of me.
::{{DIcon}} What you said got me thinking, that's all.
:::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 11b.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Ohhhh...
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' ...Awesome!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' A&mdash;Anyway, I'll make sure to keep working on my cooking... a&mdash;and any other skills that might come in handy!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Anything to put a smile on your face!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Xiangling.
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Morning! Have you had enough for breakfast, (Traveler)?
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Adventuring on an empty stomach is a recipe for disaster!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Xiangling.
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling''' Good night, (Traveler)!
::{{A|vo xiangling mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling''' Get some rest! Tomorrow, I'll make something tasty for you!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cottage Kitchen===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiangling kitchen 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Chefs can't be picky about location! No matter what kitchen appliances there are, I'll be back to cooking like I normally do after a few practice rounds!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiangling kitchen 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Of course, you can't skimp on ingredients &mdash; only the freshest will do!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiangling kitchen 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Hmm... There isn't too much stocked here. I'll whip up some food for us, so could you go and help me buy some ingredients?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Gathering of Gourmets===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiangling restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Awesome! This little street of eateries is pretty similar to [[Chihu Rock]], but if you look closer, there are a lot of differences, too!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiangling restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' Let's go look at different restaurants together and see what makes each place unique, okay?
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiangling restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Xiangling:''' After that, I'll open another [[Wanmin Restaurant]] right here!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Xiangling/Compagnia]]
[[ja:香菱/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Сян Лин/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Xiangling/Konaklama]]