{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Xiao
|id             = 368115
|image          = Character Xiao Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Xiao''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Guardian...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Monsters...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Karma...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Mortal realm...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Liyue...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} ...It's you.
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Did something happen?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo xiao mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...It's you, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo xiao mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Did something happen?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' There are no ominous things here. It's a quiet place.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' But...
::{{DIcon}} But?
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship1 04a.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It's too comfortable.
::{{DIcon}} Not used to it?
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship1 04b.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Yes.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I will protect this haven. For your sake.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I know that I can never have a peaceful and carefree life.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Still, your kindness is accepted.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Want to chat?
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Idle chatter?
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...If you wish, I'll accompany you.
::{{DIcon}} I thought you'd refuse.
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Hm?
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' To make a request but prepare yourself for rejection...
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Human interaction really is troublesome.
::{{DIcon}} You seem a bit reluctant..
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' That's not it.
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I didn't expect you to make such a request.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Generally, I don't partake in activities like "chatting."
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' But if it's with you... I'll try.
::{{DIcon}} How have you been?
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Are you asking about the effects of my karmic debt?
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...No issues.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It is of my own doing, so I alone will bear the consequences.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...I don't know if it's related to you, but recently, the pain from my karmic debt has been less excruciating.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' It's much easier to bear than before.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' As for any excess concerns... Best to leave that for yourself.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' If you have free time, we can go to Liyue Harbor together...
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' If not... never mind.
::{{DIcon}} Of course we can.
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 03a.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Uh... alright.
::{{DIcon}} Finally decided to integrate into city life?
:::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 03b.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Ahem...
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I have no intention of getting close to the lives of mortals.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' But I know that you often enter and leave the city, walking amidst the crowd.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' The stories of these times, or their joys... If I don't experience such things myself, it'll be hard to understand your thoughts.
::{{DIcon}} So... you're doing this for me?
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Yes, to understand you.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I had a feeling that it would be difficult, but after having such thoughts, I can't simply sit back and do nothing.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I will control myself while I am in the city.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' I'll try to speak... as little as possible.
::{{DIcon}} I'll be with you.
::{{DIcon}} You can say whatever you want. I'll bail you out.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Hmm...
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Let me know when you're ready to go.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Xiao.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...Morning.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' If you encounter a difficult situation, don't be stubborn. Call my name. I will make it right.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Xiao.
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Today...
::{{A|vo xiao mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Forget it, it's nothing. Good night.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cottage Kitchen===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiao kitchen 01.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' The kitchen here is furnished just like [[Wangshu Inn]]'s.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiao kitchen 02.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' Looking at the ingredients here... could you recreate that dish I'm familiar with? I assume you know the one...
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiao kitchen 03.ogg}} '''Xiao:''' ...It's just an idle thought... I'm not expecting anything.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Qingce Cloud Residence===
{{Dialogue start}}
: {{A|vo mimitomo ly xiao village 01.ogg}} '''Xiao''': Short and squat wooden houses, sparsely scattered... Sometimes, a village like this can be easier to guard than a city.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiao village 02.ogg}} '''Xiao''': When hunting demons, I just want bystanders out of the area, so I can focus on fighting.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xiao village 03.ogg}} '''Xiao''': ...So this is what human construction looks like up close.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[it:Xiao/Compagnia]]
[[ja:魈/塵歌壺]]
[[ru:Сяо/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Xiao/Konaklama]]