{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Xilonen
|id             = 368189
|image          = Xilonen Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Xilonen''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Meow...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Call it a day...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Something sweet...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Switch tracks...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Forging commissions...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} A base...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Pretty sweet...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' So, this is some sort of secret base... You did a great job with the place.
:{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Wish I had a teapot like this. Then, nobody would be able to find me when I'm trying to slack off.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's great. I'm really liking my first time inside a teapot. It feels so different... nothing like being in one of the tribes.
::{{DIcon}} Which tribe is your favorite?
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' My favorite? Hah, my father would be so disappointed if he heard this, but...
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...My favorite tribe is actually the People of the Springs, Mualani's tribe.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' There's the hot springs, the warm air, the delicious drinks... Not to mention the awesome record store and jewelry store.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's a great relaxation spot no matter how you look at it.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Kinich's tribe is pretty great, too. They pitch their tents high above the ground, so there's always a refreshing breeze when you lie inside.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You can also go bungee jumping or grass skiing if that's your thing...
::{{DIcon}} Why not move to another tribe for a bit, then?
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Well, haha... I've actually tried that before.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Mualani invited me to a party at her place not too long ago, and I stayed with her for a few days.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It was great at first, soaking in the hot springs ever day, enjoying the drinks, going out to have fun with Mualani...
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's just... How should I put this? The longer I stayed, the more... unsettled I felt.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's not that I was tired of the place or anything... I just felt compelled to go back to the Children of Echoes and check on things.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' In the end, all I could think about was the unfinished business at my workshop, so I said a quick goodbye to Mualani and returned to my tribe.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 14.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The minute I stepped foot inside my workshop... No, the minute I saw the red cliffs of my tribe, I felt completely at ease. I really can't tell you why.
::{{DIcon}} So the Children of Echoes is your favorite tribe after all.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 15.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Eh, I wouldn't say my attachment is that strong...
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship1 16.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Now that I think about it, I should take another vacation to the People of the Springs... I'll check in with Mualani in a few days.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Sure! I slept really great here, by the way &mdash; the temperature is perfect, and the beds and pillows are super comfortable.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's the kind of sleep I'll be dreaming about for the whole week.
::{{DIcon}} You could always sleep a little longer!
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Eh, I've had enough. I'm not the type to sleep in, anyway. Eight to nine hours a night, and I'm set.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Still, when work gets busy, it's hard to get that many hours in one go.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Especially when I'm working on an Ancient Name. Once I start, I usually can only sleep for three to four hours a day, if I get any sleep at all.
::{{DIcon}} Must be hard to forge an Ancient Name.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The technique itself isn't that complicated. Verifying the truth of the stories behind the Name is the real challenge.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' They often stretch over long periods of time and involve many key individuals.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Generally speaking, to receive an Ancient Name, you have to do something in your lifetime that exemplifies the "spirit" of the Name.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' The difficulty lies in verifying those deeds when the people at the center of the stories are long dead.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It usually comes down to checking records, but even then, it's difficult to say whether those accounts are accurate.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If I accidentally include a fictional story or falsehood in an Ancient Name...
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It would become seriously defective, and potentially lead to cognitive issues for the current bearer.
::{{DIcon}} But there are always so many stories... How do you verify the authenticity of each one?
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I use the woven scrolls from the Masters of the Night-Wind.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Those records are usually pretty reliable. Citlali's knowledge comes in handy as well.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If I can't find anything in the scrolls, I reach out to my contacts from the six tribes and see if anything relevant pops up.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Once I have enough data, I find the stories that are connected and cross-reference them.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 17.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I jot down any inconsistencies and search related stories to determine if I'm dealing with a real error or a simple omission.
::{{DIcon}} Seems like a huge project...
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 18a 1.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Now you understand why sleep goes out the window when I start a new project.
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 18a 2.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' It's work, work, work, all day every day, until it's finally finished.
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 18a 3.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Mualani once volunteered to help. She got one or two stories in, and then... light's out. I couldn't wake her up no matter how hard I tried.
::{{DIcon}} I'm willing to help!
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 18b 1.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' You're more than welcome. I'm sure a seasoned traveler like you has a lot to offer when it comes to judging the authenticity of a story.
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 18b 2.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I'll let you know when I start my next project.
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 18b 3.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Oh, and make sure to bring a pillow when you come to the workshop. When you get the chance to nap, it pays to be ready.
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 18b 4.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Kachina tried to use a book, and her neck hurt so much the next day she could barely stand straight.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 19.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Now you know why I always take advantage of an opportunity to nap.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship2 20.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Just talking about work is making me... *yawn* really sleepy.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' What I really want is to do absolutely nothing.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' I don't usually get a chance to relax in a place where nobody can find me, so I might as well take advantage of the opportunity.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' We can space out together. I'll teach you some tips on how to get in the zone.
::{{DIcon}} There are tips for that!?
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Of course. The point of spacing out is to completely clear your mind. Then, you can separate mind from body and achieve a state of pure serenity.
::{{DIcon}} Sounds like some kind of ceremonial meditation from the Masters of the Night-Wind...
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 05a 1.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Well, I did learn a few things about meditation from Citlali.
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 05a 2.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' There's a whole "communicate will all living things" part, but I don't have the talent or the patience for that. I was more invested in achieving inner peace.
::{{DIcon}} "Doing nothing" is more profound than I thought...
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 05b 1.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Of course. Just ask Ororon or Citlali &mdash; a lot of people in their tribe study the art of meditation.
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 05b 2.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Spacing out really isn't that different. Just like meditation, you need to clear your mind and {{Sic|clam}} your heart.
:::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 05b 3.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' In the Masters of the Night-Wind, meditation is usually accompanied by some sort of action. Lucky for us, spacing out means doing absolutely nothing.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Anyway, it's really not that complicated. Just do as I do.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' First, focus your eyes on a random point in front of you... somewhere that feels comfortable.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Next, relax the forehead... then the shoulders. Keep your eyes fixated on that point. Focus on its location in space...
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Now, exhale... And... Relax...
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ... *snore*... *snore*...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Xilonen.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Morning. Looks like you slept well last night. I had a good night's sleep, too.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Xilonen.
::{{A|vo xilonen mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Good night. Don't stay up too late, and don't read anything too mentally taxing before bed. It'll ruin your sleep, or even give you nightmares.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Born Among Searing Flames===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt xilonen natlanforge 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' 'kay, furnace, check... anvil, check... and you've even got a shop sign and display rack. Yeah, this is a fully equipped blacksmith's you got here. You just need to light it up and get smithing.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt xilonen natlanforge 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' *yawn*... I'm suddenly feeling a little tired. Just looking at this stuff reminds me of being back at work...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt xilonen natlanforge 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' ...Nope, it's not gonna pass, I'm getting sleepier by the second. I'm gonna need to take a nap...
{{Dialogue End}}

===Children of Echoes' Passion===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt xilonen nanatzcayan 01.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Hey, this looks just like the kind of venue we have in our tribe. You've even got a [[Stage Tepetl (Point of Interest)|Dance-Off Stage]]... Yep, this place is performance ready.
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt xilonen nanatzcayan 02.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' Speaking of the Dance-Off Stage... *sigh* I wonder if I'll ever achieve my dream of being a full-time DJ...
:{{A|vo mimitomo nt xilonen nanatzcayan 03.ogg}} '''Xilonen:''' If there ever comes a day when I don't have to make [[ancient name]]s anymore, maybe then I'll finally be free...
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.1}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Xilonen/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:シロネン/仲間]]
[[ru:Шилонен/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Xilonen/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Xilonen/Bạn Đồng Hành]]