{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Xingqiu
|id             = 368114
|image          = Character Xingqiu Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Xingqiu''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
* "Snacks..."
* "Novels..."
* "Chivalry..."
* "Next chapter..."
* "Just a quick break..."
'''When the player is nearby:'''
* "Right on cue."
* "I was just wondering..."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Right on cue, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I was just wondering whether you might appear.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Even if it were to exist solely upon the page, this teapot realm would not fail to inspire.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' And yet here I am, perceiving it with my own senses.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Naturally... I couldn't be happier.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Not to mention...
::{{DIcon}} Yes...?
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Well... I can read at my leisure here, for hours on end, without any fear of interruption. Ahh... the perfect getaway...
::{{DIcon}} What about fighting against injustice?
::{{DIcon}} Don't you need to keep up your martial arts practice?
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Shh! Not so loud...
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I wouldn't dream of neglecting any of that!
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' But please... Don't let anyone else hear you talking about it...
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' My father and brother are always ready to give me another earful...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' But of course! It's always a pleasure to talk with you.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Tell me, what have you been doing recently?
::{{DIcon}} Oh, y'know... escorting cargo, punishing disciples of evil...
::{{DIcon}} Driving monsters away, rescuing people from certain death... the usual.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Magnificent! Acts of pure chivalry by the sound of it.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' *sigh* Oh, how I would love to take up the sword with you... pursuing justice throughout the land!
::{{DIcon}} But your hands are tied, right?
:::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 05a.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Never mind, haha. I just had the best idea...
::{{DIcon}} I would be only too honored to have you join me.
:::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 05b.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Hehe... A pity that it will have to wait until some point in the future. But if we're talking about the here and now... Ooh! I got it...
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Why don't we have ourselves a little contest? First to a hundred chivalrous acts wins!
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' There are no restrictions on the nature of the act or the beneficiary. But you need to keep a tally. Once the act is completed, it should be verified by the other party.
::{{DIcon}} I'm feeling pretty confident.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Hehehe...
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh, hehe &mdash; uh... don't mind me.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Just... Don't expect to win too easily.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh! Well, if you have the time. I'd like to get your critique on... on this short story I wrote.
::{{DIcon}} Is it the one about us?
:::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship3 02a.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Wow, your wits are a lot sharper these days. I must be rubbing off on you...
:::{{DIcon}} Well, for starters, your handwriting's improved a lot...
::{{DIcon}} ...I thought you were trying to keep that a secret from me?
:::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship3 02b 1.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' That was then... and this is now...
:::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship3 02b 2.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' In any case, you are a part of this story.
:::{{DIcon}} Well, for starters, your handwriting's improved a lot...
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Y&mdash;You... Ahem... I assume you're familiar with the proverb: Be it but three moons from the start, he who returns is not he that departs.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' So... A&mdash;Anyway, I won't bore you. Feel free to peruse it at your own pace.
::{{DIcon}} I can tell you really put your heart into this.
::{{DIcon}} I shall keep this with me always.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Okay okay, geez... We know each other pretty well by now, no need to get all sappy.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' So remember, I want your honest opinion. That way, the sequel will be even better...
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Xingqiu!
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Good morning, (Traveler)!
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Oh...! Don't forget our arrangement. If you witness an injustice on the road, please fetch me.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Xingqiu.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Good night, rest well.
::{{A|vo xingqiu mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' I'll make sure to highlight any particularly enthralling passages I encounter and share them with you later.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Feiyun Study Room===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xingqiu study 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Your study... is indeed unique.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xingqiu study 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' All of these rare books... many of them can hardly be found at [[Wanwen Bookhouse]], or even in all of Liyue.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xingqiu study 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Ahem... If I may so ask, where do you usually collect your literature? Perhaps you could share a tip or two with a friend, my liege...?
{{Dialogue end}}

===Glittering Street===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xingqiu store 01.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' This place captures the atmosphere, yet avoids such disturbances and clamor as are common to the city.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xingqiu store 02.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' Your design for this street is most exquisite.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xingqiu store 03.ogg}} '''Xingqiu:''' A stroll here will certainly serve as inspiration for my writing!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Син Цю/Компаньон]]