{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Xinyan
|id             = 368131
|image          = Character Xinyan Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Xinyan''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Not rockin' hard enough...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Amp it up...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My next performance...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Gotta warm up...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Rehearsal time...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hey there!
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Need some music?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yo, hey there, {{Traveler}}!
:{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Need some music? I'm in tip-top shape!
:{{DIcon}} Do you like it here?
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Yeah! There's enough space and freedom &mdash; what a great rehearsal venue!
::{{DIcon}} Can I watch you rehearse?
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship1 02a 1.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Uhh... If it's alright, I'd rather perform for you after I practice up.
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship1 02a 2.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' That'll give you the best listenin' experience.
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship1 02a 3.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' But thanks for your cheers! I'll do my best!
::{{DIcon}} Thanks for liking it here...
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship1 02b 1.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hey, what are you sayin'?
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship1 02b 2.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If anything, I ought to be the one thanking YOU! Inviting me to your house, not tellin' me what I can and can't do.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, right! After each rehearsal, I make sure to tidy up after myself.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Don't worry, I'll have this place like new!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Sure! I've got some serious writer's block... Help me think it through!
::{{DIcon}} You write your own songs?
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Naturally!
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' In Liyue Harbor, rock 'n' roll is considered niche. There're a lot of fans of the music, but few creators of it.
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Although I listen to songs from Fontaine, that's just appreciation and learnin'.
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 02a 4.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' When it's time for creation, you gotta do it yourself to live up to the words "rock 'n' roll"!
:::{{DIcon}} That's amazing!
::::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hehe, thanks for your appreciation.
::::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' But... I've been kinda worried lately.
:::{{DIcon}} Anything on your mind lately?
::::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well...
::{{DIcon}} In the past, what sort of themes did you start with?
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Overcomin' prejudice, of course!
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' What I saw in the streets, combined with my personal experiences...
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Narration, lyrics... The most important thing is to have enough passion to question everything!
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 02b 4.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You gotta point right towards the soul!
:::{{DIcon}} That's amazing!
::::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hehe, thanks for your appreciation.
::::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' But... I've been kinda worried lately.
:::{{DIcon}} Anything on your mind lately?
::::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Well...
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' For my newest song, fans say they can "hear tenderness within the searin' flames." They think my style has changed.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Maybe it's because of recent changes in my heart. Ugh, should I not let that happen...?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hm... Wanna try out the lyre?
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You've seen and heard so many of my shows.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If you're interested and want to give it a fair go, I can teach you step by step!
::{{DIcon}} I've learned how to play instruments before.
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 04a.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wow, really? That's great!
:::{{DIcon}} Why would you ask me to play?
::{{DIcon}} I'm afraid that I won't play very well...
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 04b 1.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Don't sweat it, you've got me helpin' you!
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 04b 2.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I'll pay attention to every method and every step... Although this is my  first time actin' as a teacher.
:::{{DIcon}} Why would you ask me to play?
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, at least for me, rock 'n' roll is somethin' as important as life itself.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If I could perform rock 'n' roll with you, that'd be twice as&mdash; no, the best thing in this world!
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' O&mdash;Of course, I know that our music tastes won't be the same. The "rock 'n' roll" I'm thinkin' of here isn't limited to the music itself.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' If there's a part of you that's unwillin', I definitely won't force ya!
::{{DIcon}} For you, I'll try...
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 09a 1.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Aw...
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 09a 2.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Then I gotta live up to your faith in me and be a good teacher!
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 09a 3.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Here, this is my lyre.
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 09a 4.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Now get ready to train hard, because I'm about to turn up the heat!
::{{DIcon}} Maybe we can find another way of interpreting rock 'n' roll?
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 09b 1.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No. Prob. Lem!
:::{{A|Vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 09b 2.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Honestly... Just the fact that you're willin' to give it a try means a lot to me.
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 09b 3.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' After all, you're very special to me...
:::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo friendship3 09b 4.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Hehe... I look forward to us doin' "rock 'n' roll" together!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Xinyan.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Mornin'! I'm your gal if you need things fired up!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Xinyan.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Looks like you also had a busy day, {{Traveler}}. Night.
::{{A|vo xinyan mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Oh, if you've got aches and pains, soak in a hot bath. It'll be comfy!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Gathering of Gourmets===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xinyan restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Phew! Practice really tuckers me out. Gotta fill up on some food and drink!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xinyan restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Wow, there's a lot of food here. I wanna try out each stall and see which feels the most rock 'n' roll!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xinyan restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' You coming? I wanna see what floats your boat.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Qingce Cloud Residence===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xinyan village 01.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' Livin' a peaceful life in the countryside for years on end sounds suffocatin'.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xinyan village 02.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' I'll use my rock 'n' roll to bring 'em a new experience and stir up some long-lost enthusiasm!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly xinyan village 03.ogg}} '''Xinyan:''' No time to waste. C'mon, help me set a stage up!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Xinyan/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Xinyan/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Xinyan/Compagnia]]
[[ja:辛炎/仲間]]
[[ru:Синь Янь/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Xinyan/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Xinyan/Bạn Đồng Hành]]