{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Xiphos.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Slain by a mercenary thousands of years ago
|region           = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Tulaytullah
|title            = Blade of Tulaytullah

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|sibling          = 
|relative         = 
}}
'''Xiphos''' was a historical figure in the [[Great Red Sand]], [[Sumeru]].

The crown prince of a long-lost kingdom, Xiphos was saved from his kingdom's destruction by being disguised as a servant. He grew in power and stature, eventually becoming the hero of [[Tulaytullah]], one of the myriad city-states that arose after the fall of [[King Deshret]]'s kingdom. Due to his reputation, Xiphos was eventually slain by another fallen prince hired by city-states opposed to Tulaytullah.

He was the wielder of [[Xiphos' Moonlight]] and the [[Key of Khaj-Nisut]].

==Story==
Xiphos was born to a queen of one of the myriad kingdoms that were established in the Great Red Sand after King Deshret's kingdom fell. To protect him from their kingdom's destruction, the queen dressed him as a servant and burned his crown and royal clothes, leaving him only with the Key of Khaj-Nisut, one of the scepters which serves as proof that its owner has the right to rule the desert, as proof of his heritage. Before their separation, she told him to ''"Use this sword as the key to the paradise's gate, and rebuild the kingdom amidst emeralds and pomegranates."''<ref name="Key">{{Ref/Weapon|Key of Khaj-Nisut}}</ref>

After several years of living as a wanderer, Xiphos became apprenticed to the [[Old Blind Poet]] who had formerly been a retainer for the desert vassal-kings.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Wandering Evenstar}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Makhaira Aquamarine}}</ref> Xiphos eventually divulged his story to his master, who realized that Xiphos possessed one of the keys to the [[Eternal Oasis]] and encouraged him to embark on a journey across the city-states in the desert and reach his destiny of reuniting the desert peoples.<ref name="Key" />

Xiphos, wielding a blade indwelt by a bloodthirsty [[Jinni]], eventually developed a reputation as the hero of Tulaytullah, the city of sapphire and home of the Tighnarians. He saved many maidens from monsters and, in the process, snatched a large amount of treasure from them.<ref name="Moonlight">{{Ref/Weapon|Xiphos' Moonlight}}</ref> In some accounts, he was also [[Makhaira]]'s lover before she was sent as tribute to become a court dancer for [[Badanah]].<ref name="TulayRemember">{{Ref/Weapon|Tulaytullah's Remembrance}}</ref> Eventually, city-states resentful of Tulaytullah's continued prosperity decided to target Xiphos and hired a wandering foreign mercenary, who himself had fallen from the throne of his homeland, to eliminate Tulaytullah's hero.<ref name="Moonlight" /> Some legends claim that the "foreign mercenary" was actually [[Faramarz]], Badanah's son and Makhaira's second lover, who lost his kingdom after it was destabilized by Makhaira's machinations and culminated in his exile by his people.<ref name="TulayRemember" /><ref name="Beacon">{{Ref/Weapon|Beacon of the Reed Sea|quote=He heard of the story depicting the homeless prince's death, the fate of his swords, and the killer that traversed deep into the forest...}}</ref><ref>Interactable: Vaguely-Readable Inscription, [[Primal Obelisk#Khaj-Nisut|Khaj-Nisut]]</ref><ref>{{Ref/Arti|Lamp of the Lost}}</ref><ref group="Note">While Faramarz is never directly named as Xiphos' killer, [[Tulaytullah's Remembrance]] description states ''"The Blade of Tulaytullah met his end at the hands of another exiled princeling, whose banishment had been delivered unto him indeed by that serpent-hearted dancer, the daughter of a Jinni."'' In [[Makhaira Aquamarine]]'s description, Makhaira tells Faramarz that her mother was a Jinni; after they assassinated Badanah, Makhaira destabilized Faramarz's kingdom by aligning herself with various people who vied for the throne. This led him to assassinate her, only to be exiled by his people. Both Beacon of the Reed Sea and [[Xiphos' Moonlight]]'s descriptions also state that Xiphos' killer went to the rainforest after the deed, which aligns with Faramarz's later fate. However, Beacon of the Reed Sea explicitly states beforehand that its stories have diverted from the truth over time and neither [[Lamp of the Lost]] nor [[Wandering Evenstar]], which focus on Faramarz's story after venturing into the rainforest, suggest that he ever worked as a desert mercenary.</ref>

In the ensuing duel, Xiphos was slain, cutting his journey short while his killer left the desert for the rainforest.<ref name="Moonlight" /><ref name="Beacon" /> The Key of Khaj-Nisut was lost amidst the desert and in the span of a few years, Tulaytullah fell,<ref name="Key" /><ref name="Moonlight" /> with only its garden remaining as the domain [[Garden of Endless Pillars]].<ref>{{Ref/Domain|Garden of Endless Pillars}}</ref>

==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* A {{lang|{{w|xiphos}}|grc=ξίφος}} is a type of doubled-edged, one-handed straight sword used by the ancient Greeks.
** In a similar vein, a {{w|makhaira}} is a two-handed sword also used by the ancient Greeks.

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden=1
|en      = Xiphos
|zhs     = 西福斯
|zhs_rm  = Xīfúsī
|zht     = 西福斯
|zht_rm  = Xīfúsī
|ja      = サイフォス
|ja_rm   = Saifosu
|ko      = 크시포스
|ko_rm   = Keusiposeu
|es      = Xifos
|fr      = Xiphos
|ru      = Ксифос
|th      = Xiphos
|vi      = Xiphos
|de      = Xiphos
|id      = Xiphos
|pt      = Xiphos
|tr      = Xiphos
|it      = Xiphos
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=3.1}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}