{{Location Infobox
|image        = Yachimatahiko's Locus.png
|type         = Subarea
|map          = Enkanomiya
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Enkanomiya
}}
{{Location Intro|description=<p>{{If Self|Yachimatahiko's Locus|It|Yachimatahiko's Locus}} is initially hidden from the map and can be unlocked and shown on the map by starting the [[Erebos' Secret]] questline.</p>}}

==Features==
===Exploration===
*[[Triangular Mechanisms]]

===Enemies===
====Common Enemies====
*{{Enemy|Anemo Specter}}
*{{Enemy|Hydro Specter}}
*{{Enemy|Geo Specter}}

==Lore==
Located in this subarea was one of the three towers that harmonized the three realms.

{{Transclude|Erebos' Secret|Lore}}

==Trivia==
* Yachimatahiko's Locus can be [[Gliding|glided]] to from the rocks above the [[Dainichi Mikoshi]] at any time, even if [[Eboshi]] has not been talked to.
* Before talking to Eboshi for the first time and starting the World Quest [[The Three Great Martial Trials]], there is nothing in this area except for some floating textures, but arriving at this area shows this area's name and difficulty rating just like other areas.
* After talking to Eboshi for the first time and starting the World Quest The Three Great Martial Trials, Yachimatahiko's Locus is raised, and a [[Time Tunnel]] at [[The Emanant Skylight]] in [[The Narrows]] appears that teleports players to the [[Teleport Waypoint]] in Yachimatahiko's Locus.
* After Yachimatahiko's Locus is raised by Eboshi, players can land on this area after gliding from the rocks above the Dainichi Mikoshi. However, most of this area is surrounded by a barrier until the player has sufficiently progressed through [[Yachimatahiko's Trial]]. Aside from a few errant patches of cliff and land, the only place outside of the barrier is the area around the [[Teleport Waypoint]].
** The Teleport Waypoint is far enough that players cannot reach it without either using a character with a talent that can be used in mid-air to gain distance or height, such as [[Xiao]]'s [[Lemniscatic Wind Cycling]] or [[Kazuha]]'s [[Chihayaburu]], or directly teleporting there via the Time Tunnel.
* The area can be glided to and landed upon with 240 Max [[Stamina]] with various combinations of Stamina restoration, decreases in gliding Stamina consumption, increases in gliding movement speed, and Talents that can be used in mid-air to gain distance or height.
* The Teleport Waypoint can be unlocked as soon as the area is raised by Eboshi, regardless of how the player reaches the area.

===Etymology===
*{{lang|Yachimatahiko|ja=八衢彦}} is derived from the Japanese local deity {{lang|Yachimatahiko|ja=八衢比古|ja_lit=Eight-Fork-Road-Prince.}} Some believe Kunado, Yachimatahiko, and Yachimatahime to be three gods of the {{w|Dōsojin}} (or ''Sae no kami''), Shinto kami who protect travelers; both Yachimatahiko and Yachimatahime's names refer to the idea that they protect an area in the eight directions by defeating evil beings that approach and avert disasters.<ref>Google Books: [https://www.google.com/books/edition/Shinto_The_Ancient_Religion_of_Japan/DNPOCgAAQBAJ?hl=en&gbpv=1&dq=Yachimatahiko-no-Kami&pg=PT137&printsec=frontcover Shinto, the Ancient Religion of Japan]</ref><ref>Ashiya Shrine: [https://www.ashiyajinja.or.jp/saisin/saisin-45/ {{Ja|八衢比古命／八衢比売命}}]</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Yachimatahiko's Locus
|zhs     = 八衢彦之地
|zhs_rm  = Bāqúyàn zhī Dì
|zht     = 八衢彥之地
|zht_rm  = Bāqúyàn zhī Dì
|zh_tl   = Yachimatahiko's Land
|ja      = {{Rubi|八|や|衢|ちまた|彦|ひこ}}の{{Rubi|地|ち}}
|ja_rm   = Yachimatahiko no Chi<ref>[[Map]], Label: Yachimatahiko's Locus (Japanese)</ref>
|ja_tl   = Yachimatahiko's Land
|ko      = 야치마타히코의 땅
|ko_rm   = Yachimatahiko-ui Ttang
|ko_tl   = Land of Yachimatahiko
|es      = Emplazamiento de Yachimatahiko
|es_tl   = Yachimatahiko's Siting
|fr      = Locus de Yachimatahiko
|fr_tl   = Yachimatahiko's Locus
|ru      = Расположение Ятиматахико
|ru_tl   = Yachimatahiko's Location
|th      = Yachimatahiko's Locus
|vi      = Khu Vực Yachimatahiko
|vi_tl   = Yachimatahiko Area
|de      = Yachimatahikos Locus
|de_tl   = Yachimatahiko's Locus
|id      = Yachimatahiko's Locus
|pt      = Local de Yachimatahiko
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yachimatahiko'nun Mahalli
|tr_tl   = Yachimatahiko's Locus
|it      = Locus di Yachimatahiko
|it_tl   = Yachimatahiko's Locus
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Area Navbox|Inazuma}}

[[es:Emplazamiento de Yachimatahiko]]
[[fr:Locus de Yachimatahiko]]
[[ja:八衢彦の地]]
[[pt-br:Local de Yachimatahiko]]
[[vi:Khu Vực Yachimatahiko]]
[[zh:八衢彥之地]]