{{Quest Infobox
|image         = World Quest Yachimatahiko's Trial.png
|type          = World
|region        = Inazuma
|area          = Enkanomiya
|chapter       = Erebos' Secret
|summary       = The Traveler completes the puzzle trial of "wisdom" proctored by [[Uda]] in [[Yachimatahiko's Locus]].
|characters    = Paimon; Traveler; Uda
|startLocation = [[Enkanomiya]]
|prev          = The Three Great Martial Trials
|next          = The Three Great Martial Trials
}}
'''Yachimatahiko's Trial''' is a [[World Quest]] in [[Enkanomiya]]. It is part of the [[Erebos' Secret]] quest series.

==Steps==
# Go to [[The Emanant Skylight]]
# Investigate the water in the pool during Evernight
#* Step is completed upon reaching the [[Time Tunnel]], even if the player does not go through it
# Talk to the afterimage in front of the seal
# Release all the Flames of the High Gate (0/4)
# Talk to [[Uda]]

==Puzzle Walkthrough==
The Flames of the High Gate can be released in any order. The following walkthrough is provided for convenience.

# Switch the Day-Night Mechanism to [[Evernight]].
# Glide north from the Day-Night Mechanism to the [[Triangular Mechanism]].
# Hit the [[Triangular Mechanism]] once.
# Glide south into the room and touch the '''First Flame'''.
# Glide north back to the Triangular Mechanism.
# Climb up to the roof and up the hill to the highest point.
# Glide west and touch the '''Second Flame''' in mid-air.
# Switch the Day-Night Mechanism to [[Whitenight]].
# Go east from the Day-Night Mechanism, down the stairs.
# Go south, then east to touch the '''Third Flame'''.
# Return to the foot of the stairs.
# Go west to find another Triangular Mechanism.
# Hit the Triangular Mechanism once to bring down the gate to the east.
# Switch the Day-Night Mechanism to [[Evernight]].
# Return to the previous gate, and hit the Triangular Mechanism inside the room.
# Go south and touch the '''Fourth Flame'''.

==Notes==
* Completing the quest grants the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Extensive And Meticulous]]."

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Accepting the trial, you prepare to go to The Narrows to search for The Emanant Skylight}}
{{Dialogue start}}
<!-- cannot trigger
;(If the player reaches this location without using The Emanant Skylight)
:'''Uda:''' I am Uda of the Jibashiri. Unrelated people may not enter.
-->
;(Talk to Uda<!-- at Yachimatahiko's Locus after reaching the Time Tunnel-->)
:'''Uda:''' I am Uda of the [[Jibashiri]]. Hero of Sangonomiya, I acknowledge that you are worthy to take on this challenge.
:'''Uda:''' I am in charge of the trial of "wisdom." Go forth and solve all the puzzles to return the Flames of the High Gate to their places.
:'''Uda:''' It is not bravery that advances bereft of wisdom, but foolhardiness instead!
:'''Uda:''' I will await your completion of the challenge at the Tower of the Three Realms above.

;(Talk to Uda after dispersing the flames)
:'''Uda:''' I, Uda of the Jibashiri, acknowledge your great valor.
:'''Uda:''' Indeed, you are both "extensive and meticulous" in your wisdom.
:'''Paimon:''' How can you tell a person's character from these trials?
:'''Uda:''' To be honest, these words are praises that the Divine Priestess used to bestow upon skilled youths. They eventually came to be written on pennants at the Jibashiri headquarters.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Video Guides==
{{EVT
|video1   = https://youtu.be/wMDOfxUYHb4
|caption1 = Yachimatahiko's Trial Guide
}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yachimatahiko's Trial
|zhs     = 八衢彦之试炼
|zhs_rm  = Bāqúyàn zhī Shìliàn
|zht     = 八衢彥之試煉
|zht_rm  = Bāqúyàn zhī Shìliàn
|ja      = 八衢彦の試練
|ja_rm   = Yachimatahiko no Shiren
|ko      = 야치마타히코의 시련
|ko_rm   = Yachimatahiko-ui Siryeon
|es      = La prueba de Yachimatahiko
|fr      = L'épreuve de Yachimatahiko
|ru      = Испытание Ятиматахико
|th      = บททดสอบ Yachimatahiko
|th_rm   = 
|vi      = Thí Luyện Yachimatahiko
|de      = Yachimatahikos Prüfung
|id      = Tantangan Yachimatahiko
|pt      = Julgamento de Yachimatahiko
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}