{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Yae Miko
|id             = 368119
|image          = Character Yae Miko Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Yae Miko:''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"Light novels..."
*"Time for some self-care..."
*"Stories..."
*"Fried Tofu..."

When the player is nearby:
*"Something on your mind?"
*"My little friends..."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? Well hello, what brings you to see me today?
:{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If there's anything weighing on your mind, you can always talk to me. I'm always happy to listen to other people's problems... Who knows, I might even try to help you come up with a solution.
:{{DIcon}} Hope you're settling in okay.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Thank you for your concern, dear. But, believe me, I am quite comfortable wherever I go.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' So, this must be an adepti abode... Hmm, though it's a bit different from what I imagined, it's still most fascinating.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' At first glance, the act of containing this vast space inside a tiny little tea pot seems strikingly similar to the art of constructing a space from the imagination. But as it turns out, they work on fundamentally different principles.
::{{DIcon}} So you're researching how it works, huh?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As Guuji of the Grand Narukami Shrine, it is my duty to seek out and master all forms of knowledge and power. Only then am I capable of handling whatever phenomena come our way.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Besides, if I can get the hang of this teapot trick, I'll be able to bring an unlimited supply of sake and snacks with me wherever I go...
::{{DIcon}} Aha, so that's the real reason for your "research"!
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe... regardless, please do look after me while I'm visiting this lovely little teapot of yours.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Need someone to talk to, hmm? Aw, what's the matter, are you feeling lonely?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well, as luck would have it, I happen to be in a good mood today. How about I tell you a story from long ago, hmm?
::{{DIcon}} Please, that would be great!
::{{DIcon}} I'd love to hear it!
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Long, long ago, there was a little child who suddenly turned up at the shrine one day.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In her arms she was carrying a little fox on the brink of death. She knelt before Kitsune Saiguu and begged her to save her friend.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' The child said the fox had started appearing frequently in the village ever since she had fed it some Fried Tofu.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But it wasn't long before misfortune struck. Now that the fox had let down its guard, a vicious dog from the village seized the chance to attack, delivering a near-fatal bite. Heart-broken and riddled with guilt, the child decided to bring the injured fox to the shrine for help.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Kitsune Saiguu granted her request and agreed to nurse the little fox back to health. Worried that the little girl would be lonely without her companion, Kitsune Saiguu decided to ask another member of her kin to keep the little girl company for a few days. I was the one she asked.
::{{DIcon}} What happened after that?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Well, obviously, being the fabulously beautiful fox that I am, it wasn't long before the little girl was crazy about me.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Not only would she buy me all sorts of tasty treats to eat, she would pamper me day in and day out. She always wanted me by her side, even when she was sleeping.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' After two days, the little fox had recovered and I accompanied the girl back to the shrine. Upon our arrival, Kitsune Saiguu asked the girl which fox was her favorite &mdash; the one she had made friends with originally, or the new one?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' She hesitantly looked back and forth between me and her old fox friend.
::{{DIcon}} That would be quite a difficult choice...
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But when her own fox trotted up and whimpered to her, she finally set me down.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' "The fox you gave me is very beautiful, Miss Shrine Maiden, but I still love my old friend the most."
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Finally, the child offered some Fried Tofu to thank me for accompanying her, then left with her little fox friend.
::{{DIcon}} What an amazing story.
::{{DIcon}} Thanks for telling me this story.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 15.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm? Wait a moment, child. You're not planning to just leave it at that, are you?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 16.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Come on, I've told you my story &mdash; now it's your turn. Shouldn't you offer me something in exchange?
::{{DIcon}} Alright, let me tell you my story.
:::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 17a 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm, I suppose that will do.
:::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 17a 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But could you try to spice it up a bit? Tell it as if it were a best-seller from Yae Publishing House.
::{{DIcon}} How about I go buy you some Fried Tofu?
:::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 17b 1.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now you're talking.
:::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship2 17b 2.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright, I'll wait for you here. Make it quick, though. I can tell you some other stories when you return.

;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hmm... no.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Hehe, not the answer you were expecting to hear, hmm? Ah, the look of stunned surprise on your face... I think it might be my favorite.
::{{DIcon}} So you were just joking...
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' No, actually I wasn't.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Or to put it another way, seeing your reaction was exactly what I wanted to do.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Observing humans' reactions and reading about their lives are what interest me most in this world.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' In principle, I should remain an outside observer. But you are far too much fun for that. I can't help but tease you from time to time.
::{{DIcon}} Oh, so it's my fault that you feel the need to tease me!?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' But of course.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' If you liken human lives to light novels, every one has its highlights, but also inevitably has many aspects that are similar to all the others.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' As an observer, I get to see the similarities all the time, which naturally leaves me desiring to see something more unique.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Your story is one that has captivated me. I really do have high hopes for you... Please do your best to live up to them, child.
::{{DIcon}} My story? You mean my life story? Umm...
::{{DIcon}} I'm not sure I can meet your expectations.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Don't you worry. You still have a long journey ahead of you... Your story has only just begun.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Besides, you will always have me as your trusty "editor," won't you?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Whenever you start going off on a misguided tangent, I'll correct you. And if you're ever stuck in a rut, I'll give you a little nudge towards the next chapter.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' That should certainly help you on your journey, don't you agree?

;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Yae Miko.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Good morning, (Traveler). My, by the looks of you, you must have had a very pleasant dream last night?
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Bright eyed and bushy tailed, with fortune swinging your way, no doubt. You should follow your heart today, and fate might just reward you for it.

;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Yae Miko.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Alright, off to bed now, (Traveler). Youngsters like you should keep early hours.
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' What about me? Oh, I'm staying up to have a drink or two, maybe read a couple of interesting light novels...
::{{A|vo yaemiko mimitomo night 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' You... weren't seriously thinking of joining me for the whole night, were you...?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Ancient Branch Shrine===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yaemiko shrine 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' My, someone rather discerning fitted out this shrine.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yaemiko shrine 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Nothing looks out of place, and everything's spaced out just right.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yaemiko shrine 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Yes... I have to hand it to you, you can be rather considerate when it counts.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Wakeful Spring===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yaemiko hotspring 01.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Oh? I didn't expect to find my favorite hot springs here. You wouldn't mind it if I took a soak for a while, would you?
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yaemiko hotspring 02.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Soaking in the steaming water is a fine way to cleanse and soothe both your mind and body.
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yaemiko hotspring 03.ogg}} '''Yae Miko:''' Now, if I only had a bottle of sake, that would make it perfect.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.5}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Яэ Мико/Компаньон]]