{{Location Infobox
|image        = Yae Publishing House.png
|type         = Point of Interest
|region       = Inazuma
|area         = Narukami Island
|subarea      = Inazuma City
}}
The '''Yae Publishing House''' is referred to as a giant of the [[Inazuma]] publishing industry. It periodically holds a competition called "This Novel Is Amazing!" and is renowned throughout [[Teyvat]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|This Novel Is Amazing!}}</ref> Its boss and founder is [[Yae Miko]], the chief priestess of the [[Grand Narukami Shrine]].<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Inagi Hotomi}}</ref>

[[Xingqiu]] and [[Albedo]]'s collaboration on "The Legend of Sword" is not affiliated with the Yae Publishing House. However, as a result of the book's popularity in Inazuma and [[Fontaine]], the Yae Publishing House has attempted to contract Albedo's artistic talents for their own novels.<ref>{{Ref/VO|Albedo|About Xingqiu}}</ref>

==Shop==
{{Vendor|Kuroda}}

==NPCs==
*[[Kuroda]]

==Interactables==
===Advertisement Board===
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Yae Publishing House Advertisement Board:''' Yae Publishing House's "This Novel Is Amazing!" contest is in full swing!
:'''Yae Publishing House Advertisement Board:''' Preorder "A Legend of Sword" &mdash; the long-form work of Liyue's best-selling author, [[Zhenyu]], is being serialized this summer!
:'''Yae Publishing House Advertisement Board:''' Hiring editors. Candidates passionate about Light Literature are preferred.
:'''Yae Publishing House Advertisement Board:''' Sign up for a chance to have an interview with editor-in-chief [[Lady Yae]]. Don't miss out!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Publications==
{{Books by Publisher Table|publisher=Yae Publishing House}}

==Employees==
===Management===
{{Column|2|
* [[Yae Miko]] &mdash; Boss, Founder, and Editor-in-Chief
* [[Hirayama]] &mdash; Editor-in-Chief
* [[Aratani]] &mdash; Event Manager
* [[Hiratsuka]] &mdash; Sales Analyst
}}

===Editors===
{{Column|2|
* [[Fukumoto]]
* [[Kuroda]]
* [[Murata (NPC)|Murata]]
* [[Onodera]]
* [[Shigeru]]
}}

===Columnists===
* "[[Ms. Hina]]" &mdash; "That's Life" Columnist

===Authors===
{{Column|2|
* [[Chang the Ninth]]
* [[Junkichi]]
* [[Mr. Nine]]
* [[Satomi]]
* [[Xingqiu]] (under pen name "Zhenyu")
}}

===Illustrators===
* [[Albedo]] (under pen name "Calx")

==Trivia==
* "This Novel Is Amazing!" is a reference to the Japanese {{w|light novel}} writing competition called ''{{w|Kono Light Novel ga Sugoi!}}'' {{Lang|ja=このライトノベルがすごい！|ja_rm=Kono Raito Noberu ga Sugoi!|ja_tl=This Light Novel Is Amazing!}}, in which winners of the competition have received anime adaptions that have become some of the most popular anime in the history of Japanese animation.
**In the Chinese language version of the game, the quest and competition "This Novel Is Amazing!" are named identically to the Chinese name of the Japanese writing competition {{Lang|zh=这本轻小说真厉害！|zh_rm=Zhèběn Qīngxiǎoshuō Zhēn Lìhài!}}.
*Based on the editor's note at the end of [[Legend of the Shattered Halberd#Vol. 6|Legend of the Shattered Halberd]], the "Flowers for Princess Fischl" series that [[Fischl]] derives her persona from is published by the Yae Publishing House.
* The Yae Publishing House was established no more than 500 years ago.<ref group="Note">{{Ref/Quest|To Traverse the Mortal Plane}}<br />"Back when I decided to isolate myself in the Plane of Euthymia, there was no Yae Publishing House, [...]"</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Omnipresent God}}</ref>
* Some books published by the Yae Publishing House can only be obtained as quest items:
** [[The Sage Aetolia Will Die Tomorrow]]<ref name="novel seems familiar">{{Ref/Quest|This Novel... Seems Familiar?}}</ref>
** [[Literature Club]]<ref name="novel seems familiar" />
** [[The Honest Cat's Little Lie]]<ref name="novel seems familiar" />
** [[Onibudou]]
** [[First Apprentice of Guhua]]<ref>{{Ref/NPC|Kuroda}}</ref>
* Some books published by the Yae Publishing House are only mentioned and cannot be obtained by the player:
** ''Teyvat Art of War''<ref>{{Ref/VO|Sangonomiya Kokomi|Anything To Share: Periodicals}}</ref>
** "numerous works that lay out military strategy in a simple and pragmatic way"<ref>{{Ref/VO|Sangonomiya Kokomi|Chat: Reading}}</ref>
** ''The Good Thing About Being Reincarnated as a Hilichurl Is That I Only Need to Eat Sunsettias to Become Stronger''<ref name="ei story quest tour">{{Ref/Quest|To Traverse the Mortal Plane}}</ref>
** ''Life Made Me a Fighter When I Just Want to Be a Writer''<ref name="ei story quest tour" />
** ''The Chaotic Epic That Is the Tale of My Youthful Love Life''<ref name="ei story quest tour" />
* Yae Publishing House is mentioned in the descriptions of the following Furnishing items:
** [["Divine Nose:" Kitsu-Kitsu Daruma]]
** [["Henji" Aralia Noticeboard]]
** [["True Cookery": Nuki-Nuki Daruma]]
** [[Camp Tent: Timely Tactics]]
** [[Festival "Kiban" Store]]
** [[Fortune Slip Stand: Omen-Reader]]
** [[Meditation Stone]]

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Yae Publishing House
|zhs     = 八重堂
|zhs_rm  = Bāchóng-táng
|zht     = 八重堂
|zht_rm  = Bāchóng-táng
|zh_tl   = Yae Hall
|ja      = {{Rubi|八|や|重|え|堂|どう}}
|ja_rm   = Yae-dou
|ja_tl   = Yae Hall
|ko      = 야에 {{tt|출판사|出版社}}
|ko_rm   = Yae Chulpansa
|ko_tl   = Yae Publishing House
|es      = Editorial Yae
|es_tl   = Yae Publishing House
|fr      = Chambre Yae
|fr_tl   = Yae Chamber
|ru      = Издательский дом Яэ
|ru_tl   = Yae Publishing House
|th      = สำนักพิมพ์ Yae
|th_rm   = Samnak phim Yae
|th_tl   = Yae Publishing House
|vi      = Nhà {{tt|Xuất Bản|出版}} Yae
|vi_tl   = Yae Publishing House
|de      = Verlagshaus Yae
|de_tl   = Yae Publishing House
|id      = Yae Publishing House
|pt      = Editora Yae
|pt_tl   = Yae Publishing House
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

==Navigation==
{{PoI Navbox|Inazuma}}

[[Category:Publishers]]

[[es:Editorial Yae]]
[[ja:八重堂]]
[[pt-br:Editora Yae]]