{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Yakov.png
|region           = Golden Apple Archipelago
|region2          = Snezhnaya
|affiliation      = Fatui
|voiceJP          = [http://amuleto.jp/talents/nonoiaki.html Nonoi Aki ({{ja|野々井 爽}})]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/NoNoiAki/status/1549290281274867712 JP VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Yakov''' is an event-exclusive NPC that appeared in [[Summertime Odyssey]].

==Profile==
Yakov is a [[Fatui]] member; in his youth, his mother died early, leaving him with only his father. During an operation, his father sacrificed his life to ensure that he could escape, and Yakov learned of his fate shortly afterwards and was given his [[Old Insignia|insignia]] as a memento.

Yakov proceeded to join a group of Fatui that agreed to work with [[Persikov]] regarding his machine that could manipulate memories, although the test backfired. Yakov argued with [[Chevka]] over honor before throwing his insignia away and going mad from the machine. After resolving the issue with the machine, the Traveler found the insignia and Chekov, tracking Yakov to the camp [[Alice]] had set up a year prior for [[Klee]]. Chevkov's attempts to bring Yakov back to his senses failed, so he brought him back to the main camp at the center of the isle.

The Traveler also found and restored both [[Agafya]] and [[Zakhar]], who likewise returned to camp. They unsuccessfully tried to restore Yakov's mind, before the Traveler learned they had thrown away some strange conches as they had believed them to be ordinary. After finding them and placing them back at the camp, Yakov was reminded of family and his mind was restored. He was surprised to see the Traveler and [[Paimon]], but nonetheless thanked them for saving him before he left with his comrades.

===Personality===
Due to Yakov losing his parents at a young age, he longed to have family to spend time with, although he is embarrassed to admit it.

===Appearance===
Yakov takes on the appearance of a [[Fatui Skirmisher - Geochanter Bracer]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue end}}-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yakov
|zhs     = 雅科夫
|zhs_rm  = Yǎkēfū
|zht     = 雅科夫
|zht_rm  = Yǎkēfū
|ja      = ヤコヴ
|ja_rm   = Yakovu
|ko      = 야코프
|ko_rm   = Yakopeu
|es      = Yakov
|fr      = Yakov
|ru      = Яков
|th      = Yakov
|vi      = Yakov
|de      = Yakov
|id      = Yakov
|pt      = Yakov
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.8}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Yakov]]