{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = NPC
|deceased         = Killed by Traveler in [[Iwakura Art's Downfall]]
|image            = NPC Yanagiha Arashi.png
|region           = Inazuma
|affiliation      = Iwakura Clan
|title            = Expelled Violet [[Oni]]
|title2           = Menkyo Kaiden
}}
'''Yanagiha Arashi''' is a special NPC that will only appear once the player has defeated all of the [[Iwakura Clan|Iwakura Art]] unique enemies. He appears with [[Okazaki Toraemon]], and their dialogue has them in conversation with each other.

After both have been defeated, the player with be awarded with [[The Violet Oni's Blade]], [[The Crimson Oni's Blade]] and the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement "[[Iwakura Out]]."

==Location==
{{Transclude|Okazaki Toraemon|Location}}

==Profile==
Yanagiha Arashi began practicing the Iwakura Art during the era of the previous Soushu [[Eiin]], alongside [[Iwakura Mitsunari]], [[Okazaki Kunihiko]], [[Okazaki Toraemon]], and [[Shimada Shichirouji]]. Both Arashi and Toraemon reached the second-highest known rank in the clan, Menkyo Kaiden, although Kunihiko and Shichirouji never moved beyond Shoden, the lowest known rank.

Sometime after Mitsunari succeeded Eiin as Soushu of the Iwakura Clan, the [[Vision Hunt Decree]] was proclaimed. Mitsunari's [[Vision]] was one of those confiscated, and Mitsunari decided to join the [[Shogunate]] forces. Toraemon and Arashi apparently vocally disapproved of the decision, leading Mitsunari to expel them. Arashi continued to display loyalty to the clan despite his excommunication.

The two ex-Iwakura Art disciples eventually caught wind of an outlander [[Traveler]] going around killing Iwakura Art disciples. They tracked the corpses of their fallen brethren and retrieved their swords for a memorial at [[Byakko Plain]], where Kunihiko was killed. The Traveler stumbles upon them there and when the two acknowledge their presence, attempt to avenge the others, only to be slain in self-defense themselves. Afterwards, the Traveler plants their swords alongside the others, spawning a [[Luxurious Chest]].

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Dialogue==
{{Transclude|Okazaki Toraemon|Dialogue}}

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yanagiha Arashi
|zhs     = 柳叶岚士
|zhs_rm  = Liǔyè Lánshì
|zht     = 柳葉嵐士
|zht_rm  = Liǔyè Lánshì
|ja      = {{Rubi|柳葉|やなぎば|嵐士|あらし}}
|ja_rm   = Yanagiha Arashi
|ko      = 야나기하 아라시
|ko_rm   = Yanagiha Arasi
|es      = Yanagiha Arashi
|fr      = Yanagiha Arashi
|ru      = Янагиха Араси
|th      = Yanagiha Arashi
|vi      = Yanagiha Arashi
|de      = Yanagiha Arashi
|id      = Yanagiha Arashi
|pt      = Yanagiha Arashi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}