{{Meta
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Yanbei.png
|region           = Liyue
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Ministry of Civil Affairs
|title            = Audience

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Yanbei''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Fabulous Fungus Frenzy]].
<!--
==Location== Next to wisdom orb stand
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
Yanbei is a clerk working in Liyue's [[Ministry of Civil Affairs]]. He came to Sumeru on a business trip to check out the [[Nilotpala Cup Beast Tamers Tournament]].

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Yanbei}}
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|Vo dialog eqpm001 yanbei 01.ogg}} '''Yanbei:''' (To the host's credit, this event is well-organized. I'll take note of that. But the sponsor's source of funds still needs looking into...)
{{Dialogue end}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Yanbei:''' With the improvements to their internal structure, the organizers should be able to attract more sponsors and expand to at least three times this size after just a few more events...
:'''Yanbei:''' Hey, if it isn't (Traveler) and Paimon! I've heard so much about you. What a pleasant surprise to see you guys here!
:{{DIcon}} And you are...?
::'''Yanbei:''' I'm just an ordinary clerk at Liyue Ministry of Civil Affairs. I'm on a business trip to Sumeru and came by to check out the competition.
::'''Paimon:''' Paimon didn't think we'd run into friends from Liyue! Are you competing?
::'''Yanbei:''' Haha, I'll pass this time. I still have work to do. Being able to watch the event from the audience is satisfying enough already.
::'''Yanbei:''' Although the event isn't as exciting as a real festival, I think it has potential. Maybe the organizers will make some internal adjustments in the future and attract more sponsors.
::'''Yanbei:''' When that time comes, the Beast Tamer Tournament should be able to grow and maybe even become mainstream.
::'''Paimon:''' More sponsors? Don't they already have that wealthy merchant, [[Elchingen]], already?
::'''Paimon:''' His wealth may not be as mind-blowing as a successful merchant from Liyue, but it's substantial nonetheless.
::'''Yanbei:''' There will always be some doubt when you put all your eggs in one basket.
::'''Yanbei:''' I don't know Mr. Elchingen's background too well, but according to the information I've gathered, the origin of a large portion of his Mora remains unknown.
::'''Yanbei:''' Hosting an event with funds of questionable origin may not sit well with some people.
::'''Yanbei:''' But I'm not from Fontaine, and it'd be impossible for me to know everything about every single Fontaine merchant. Maybe Elchingen earned his fortune gradually by doing business, and his peers didn't take notice of him.
::'''Paimon:''' You do have a point. It wouldn't hurt to be a little more cautious...
::{{DIcon}} That's a very thoughtful way of looking at it.
::'''Yanbei:''' Thanks! Anyway, I'm just sharing my own thought process. If I were an employee working for the organizers, I would search for multiple sponsors to minimize the risk.
::'''Yanbei:''' I hope what I said didn't ruin your mood.
:{{DIcon}} Improve internal structure?
::'''Yanbei:''' Yep. The way I see it, many of the organizers are capable individuals, but they, unfortunately, don't have a say in anything. Almost everything is decided by that researcher, [[Kautilya]].
::'''Yanbei:''' This event would undoubtedly be much better is he were to allow those individuals to make some decisions.
::'''Paimon:''' T-That's so complex... Paimon's having trouble following...
::'''Yanbei:''' Haha, that's alright, everyone has their own area of expertise. It's actually my job to analyze commercial events. Ordinary people should just try to enjoy the event for what it is.
:{{DIcon}} I'll let you get back to it. Goodbye...
::'''Yanbei:''' Sure. You two seem like you have a lot to do as well. Let's grab a cup of tea when you have the time!
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yanbei
|zhs     = 严备
|zhs_rm  = Yánbèi
|zht     = 嚴備
|zht_rm  = Yánbèi
|ja      = 厳備
|ja_rm   = Genbi{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 엄비
|ko_rm   = Eombi
|es      = Yanbei
|fr      = Yanbei
|ru      = Янь Бэй
|th      = Yanbei
|vi      = Yanbei
|de      = Yanbei
|id      = Yanbei
|pt      = Yanbei
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.2}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->
[[pt-br:Yanbei]]