{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Yanfei
|id             = 368102
|image          = Character Yanfei Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Yanfei''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} How much is this worth...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Litigation...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} This case...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I've got it...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The law...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} How are things?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} My favorite client!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' If it isn't my favorite client, {{Traveler}}! It's been a while, how are things?
:{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...Hmm, by the looks of it, nowhere near dire enough for you to be needing my services. *sigh* A shame, no Mora to be made here...
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Great! Very well! I feel right at home, actually.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Maybe you've forgotten, but this whole [[Sub-Space Creation]] thing is nothing new to me.
::{{DIcon}} So... you must be able to make your own one of these, right?
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Well... it can be a little...
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' ...I&mdash;It's not my forte, okay!?
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Anyway, I'm all settled in here now. Making my own would just be redundant.
::{{DIcon}} Then does the mighty and illuminated Yanfei have any suggestions?
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' One does, as a matter of fact! One thinks you should create a few rooms specifically for housing legal codices.
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' But this is your home, of course. The rules are yours to decide.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You should worry about yourself, not me.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Chat? Oh, I don't know about you, but I can chat, for sure! Good luck trying to get me to stop talking...
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You seem like the quiet type, are you sure you won't find me too... animated?
::{{DIcon}} I'm sure I'll manage...
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 03a 1.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh... good!
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 03a 2.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I'm not sure why, but it's nice to hear you say that.
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 03a 3.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' In that case, why don't you choose a topic?
::{{DIcon}} I'm quite happy just to listen.
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 03b 1.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Uh... Just to listen?
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 03b 2.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I don't think one person talking technically qualifies as a chat, per se...
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 03b 3.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I'm no storyteller after all &mdash; I already found my calling in life. I don't plan on spinning yarns for a living any time soon.
::{{DIcon}} Well then... let's chat about the difficult clients of yours.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Huh? Of all the interesting topics you could choose, that's what you wanna talk about?
::{{DIcon}} Most of the time you successfully win them over.
::{{DIcon}} This way, we can figure out any outstanding issues.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh... I&mdash;I see.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Thank you...
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Ahem, then I'll start with a client who came to me with a civil case recently...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Actually, I was thinking... Do you want to come fishing with me?
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Just the two of us, no one else. Not even your little friend here.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Why not? Well, if you must know...
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' It's no fun fishing by myself. No matter how many I catch, I only ever get to share them with Granny.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Because, as you know, I can't reveal my true power in front of clients or friends.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' So whichever way you look at it, it seems you're the only suitable candidate there is.
::{{DIcon}} Feels more like I'm a last resort than an ideal candidate...
::{{DIcon}} Feels like you're making this up as you go along...
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' No, no!
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Argh... Okay, okay. I just want to get out and have some fun with you.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Peacefully, without anyone else interrupting. Just the two of us...
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You'll have a chance to see what I'm truly capable of, not just professionally...
::{{DIcon}} I never doubted you in the first place...
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 11a.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh, really...?
::{{DIcon}} But I am pretty good at fishing myself.
:::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 11b.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Oh ho? Well then, if I wasn't fired up before, I certainly am now!
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Then it's settled! I should warn you though, I have a tendency to view arrangements like these as contracts... No ducking out.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Yanfei.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Hey! Morning!
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You should show a little more enthusiasm, like me! Hehe!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Yanfei.
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Night night, {{Traveler}}!
::{{A|vo yanfei mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I&mdash;If you dream of any legal loopholes, I wanna know all the details as soon as you wake up!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cloudy Haze Dream-Court===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yanfei bedroom 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I didn't know you had such a knack for home décor. This bedroom is quite suitable.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yanfei bedroom 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Speaking of the decorations, did you shop around to compare prices? And did you make sure that the artisan fees were at fair market rates?
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yanfei bedroom 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Take me along next time you go shopping for furniture. I'll help you check all of that so you don't unexpectedly overpay for anything.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Glittering Street===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yanfei store 01.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' You wouldn't see any operational mistakes in this commercial area even during a busy festival season.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yanfei store 02.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' I can tell that you've put a great deal of time into this.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yanfei store 03.ogg}} '''Yanfei:''' Do you plan to attract more shops? I can provide you with legal support.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Yanfei/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Yanfei/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Yanfei/Compagnia]]
[[ja:煙緋/仲間]]
[[ru:Янь Фэй/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Yanfei/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Yanfei/Bạn Đồng Hành]]