{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 22003
|image         = Commission Yanxiao's Dilemma.png
|type          = Commission
|summary       = Yanxiao is preparing a meal for the freeloader Jiangxue, despite his unwilling attitude at the task. He asks the Traveler to get some vegetables for, and then to deliver the food.
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Bishui Plain
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
|characters    = Jiangxue; Smiley Yanxiao; Traveler
|npc           = Smiley Yanxiao
|other         = *Grants the achievement [[A Nourishing Friendship]] if [[Fishing Jiangxue]] has also been completed.
*AR-Dependent Rewards
}}
'''''Yanxiao's Dilemma''''' is a [[Daily Commission]] that occurs in [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
#Talk to [[Smiley Yanxiao]]
#Help Smiley Yanxiao find [[Jueyun Chili]] and [[Lotus Head]] (only need 1 of each)
#Bring [[Meal Box by Smiley Yanxiao for Jiangxue|the dish Smiley Yanxiao made]] to [[Jiangxue]]
#Report back to Smiley Yanxiao

==Gameplay Notes==
*Completing this commission and [[Fishing Jiangxue]] will grant the ''[[Wonders of the World]]'' achievement ''[[A Nourishing Friendship]]''.

==Rewards==
{{Commission Rewards|low}}

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Something is bothering Smiley Yanxiao, the chef of Wangshu Inn...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Hmph, he's got some nerve scrounging off me all this time...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' I'm cooking for someone who doesn't deserve it, that's what!
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Unbelievable! He whiles away his time doing whatever he pleases, and doesn't even offer to help at the inn.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' He spends most of his day fishing, but I've never seen him catch more than a couple of tiddlers.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If it wasn't for me, he'd starve to death!
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Ugh, what's the use in complaining. He can't hear me &mdash; and even if he could, he'd act like he hadn't.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If you've got nothing better to do, you can go grab me a couple of extra ingredients. I'm running low here.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Don't need much. Just one {{Color|buzzword|[[Jueyun Chili]]}} and one {{Color|buzzword|[[Lotus Head]]}} will do it.
:{{DIcon}} Okay.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Bring them back here as soon as you find them. I want to get this done and dusted.
:{{DIcon}} But there's plenty of ingredients here...
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' My boss paid good money for those. Do you think this freeloader's gonna pay my boss back? I think not.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Everything I cook for him comes out of my own pocket... Hmph, he owes me big time!
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Just go fetch the vegetables, will you? It's not a huge ask, and it won't take you too long.
----
;(Return to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Where are my vegetables?
:{{DIcon}} Here they are.
:;(Opens the selection menu)
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Huh. I wonder if he'll taste the difference &mdash; he always seems perfectly happy as long as it's free of charge!
:;(After submitting the items)
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Wait here. When the food is ready, I'll get you to take it over to him.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Don't look so hard done by! I'm not making you do this for free. You'll get what you deserve, don't you worry.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Alright. It's ready. Take this over to Mr. Doesn't-Know-How-Lucky-He-Is...
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' His name is {{Color|buzzword|Jiangxue}}. He'll be fishing down by the water, you can't miss him.
:;(Obtain [[Meal Box by Smiley Yanxiao for Jiangxue]])
:{{DIcon}} I don't have them yet.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' ...Why on earth not!? Go get them! Otherwise, that waste of space is going to turn into a hungry waste of space.

;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' And don't delay! A happy cheapskate is preferable to a hungry cheapskate, trust me.
:{{DIcon}} Why do you cook for him?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If you must know, it's because he's got no one else. I'm the only person he knows in the whole of [[Liyue]]. And this is the only place he dares to try and scrounge from.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' ...What's the reason? Why does it matter? Fine... It's because I'm willing to cook for him. Happy now?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If I wasn't willing to cook for him, he'd probably go and do something stupid down at [[Dihua Marsh]] again. And we can't be having that.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' What are you still hanging round here for? Quit dawdling and get going!
----
;(Talk to Jiangxue)
:'''Jiangxue:''' Hello? Is it me you're looking for?
:{{DIcon}} This is from Smiley Yanxiao.
:;(Jiangxue glows)
:'''Jiangxue:''' Aha! I was wondering where that delicious smell was coming from. He's a really talented chef, you know.
:'''Jiangxue:''' Thanks for bringing this. And make sure you thank him profusely for me when you get back.

;(Talk to Jiangxue again)
:'''Jiangxue:''' You're still here? ...It's probably best that you get back; when you keep him waiting he tends to throw one of his temper tantrums.
:{{DIcon}} Why does he cook for you?
:'''Jiangxue:''' We're... friends. We've known each other a very long time.
:'''Jiangxue:''' I, uh... I went to Dihua Marsh once to do... a bad thing. But something I had to do.
:'''Jiangxue:''' This is the only place in the whole of Liyue where they let me stay, and the chef here makes sure I'm fed.
:'''Jiangxue:''' I won't elaborate any further &mdash; it's a long story, and you probably have better things to do with your time.
:'''Jiangxue:''' I'd better let you go &mdash; that chef is not the patient type.
----
;(Return to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Did you deliver the food?
:{{DIcon}} Yes, and he said to make sure I&mdash;
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Thank me profusely? Please. Spare me that charade.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' The number of times I've heard those words these last few years... drives me mad.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Thanking me profusely seems to be his only other pastime aside from fishing. Tell you what, how about pack all that in, stop wasting time, and come earn your keep at the inn?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Ah, there's no use me venting at you. Here's your reward &mdash; you've earned it, unlike some people. Now you can get back to living your life.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Yanxiao's Dilemma
|zhs     = 勿言勿笑
|zhs_rm  = Wù Yán Wù Xiào
|zht     = 勿言勿笑
|zht_rm  = Wù Yán Wù Xiào
|zh_tl   = Do Not Talk, Do Not Laugh
|zh_note = {{zh|言笑|yánxiào|tl=talk and laugh}} refers to [[Smiley Yanxiao]].
|ja      = 言葉も笑顔もなし
|ja_rm   = Kotoba mo Egao mo Nashi
|ja_tl   = No Words and No Smile
|ko      = 묵언묵소
|ko_rm   = Muk'eonmukso
|ko_tl   = Silence and No Laugh
|es      = El Sonriente Yanxiao ya no sonríe
|es_tl   = Smiling Yanxiao no Longer Smiles
|fr      = Le dilemme de Yanxiao
|fr_tl   = Yanxiao's Dilemma
|ru      = Дилемма Янь Сяо
|ru_tl   = Yanxiao's Dilemma
|th      = ไม่พูดไม่ยิ้ม
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = No Talk No Smile
|vi      = Không Cười Không Nói
|vi_tl   = No Smile No Talk
|de      = Lächeln verboten
|de_tl   = Smiling Prohibited
|id      = Dilema Smiley Yanxiao
|id_tl   = Smiley Yanxiao's Dilemma
|pt      = Dilema de Yanxiao
|pt_tl   = Yanxiao's Dilemma
|tr      = Yanxiao'nun İkilemi
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Il dilemma di Yanxiao
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Commission Navbox|Liyue|Standalone}}

[[es:El Sonriente Yanxiao ya no sonríe]]
[[pt-br:Dilema de Yanxiao]]
[[ru:Дилема Янь Сяо]]