{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71817
|type          = World
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|startLocation = [[Wangshu Inn]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Aunt Qiao; Caspar; Holderlin; Jiangxue; Paimon; Qinglian (Stone Gate); Smiley Yanxiao; Traveler; Zhuyu
|requirement   = Complete [[Wangshu Once Again]]
|rewards       = Primogem*30;Mora*20,000;Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)*100
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Wangshu Inn
}}
'''''Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen''''' is the sixth request in Part II of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the seventh day of the event.

==Steps==
# Talk to [[Smiley Yanxiao]] at night (19:00 - 23:00)
# Cook 2 {{Item|Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewer|text=Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewers}}
#* A 300-second (5-minute) timer starts from this step until Step 6 is completed.
#* The timer will continue to count down during dialogue and while in in-game menus.
# Serve dishes to [[Holderlin]] and [[Caspar]]
# Report back to Smiley Yanxiao
# Deliver the {{Item|Aunt Qiao's Almond Tofu|text=food}} to [[Aunt Qiao]]
# Deliver the {{Item|Zhuyu's Golden Shrimp Balls|text=food}} to [[Zhuyu]]
#* Talking to [[Qinglian (Stone Gate)|Qinglian]] also works.
#* Timer stops when this step is done.
# Report back to Smiley Yanxiao with the ingredients ({{Item|Rice|x=3}}, {{Item|Shrimp Meat|x=3}}, and {{Item|Almond|x=3}})
# Give a [[Xiao Lantern]] to Smiley Yanxiao
# Give a Xiao Lantern to [[Jiangxue]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* The vegetarian dish that tastes like seafood is [[Vegetarian Abalone]] and the spicy dish with fowl is [[Jueyun Chili Chicken]].
* [[Promises Remembered as Lanterns Rise]] must be completed before starting this request.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Smiley Yanxiao]] from [[Wangshu Inn]] seems to be struggling with his workload during [[Lantern Rite]]...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao during the day)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' This is bad...
:{{DIcon}} Something the matter?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Lantern Rite's the matter, what else? We've had lots of staff head back to the city to spend the festive period there, so we've got our hands full right now.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Haven't the time for idle chat right now. Need to get ready for the guests' orders at night &mdash; doubt I'll even have time to get a sip of water.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If you cared enough to check on me, you might as well help out later tonight.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' *sigh* What I'd do for some help right now. Where's that Yuhua run off to...

;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Come again at night, I need to hurry up and finish making preparations.
----
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao at night)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Argh, I need rest. My hands are so sore that I can barely lift my wok...
:{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Ah, Traveler! I was just wondering how nice it'd be if I could have some help. You up for it?
:{{DIcon}} What sort of help...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Most all our staff have headed back to spend the Lantern Rite in the city. We're so short-handed right now that we can barely keep our heads above water, so any help is good help.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' You needn't worry, we don't expect you to do any heavy lifting. Just need to help us serve some dishes and gather some ingredients.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Give me a moment, let me see what we can get you to do right now...
<!--Dialogue continues, but resets to here-->
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Ack, I forgot to take orders from the customers at that table downstairs.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' How about this? Go and take orders from those two guests downstairs, Holderlin and Caspar.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' They've been waiting for a while now, so they might be getting annoyed. Just remember to bring them {{Color|buzzword|two}} side dishes. Some {{Color|buzzword|Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewer}} should do the trick.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' After the sides have been served, ask them what they'd like to have for their main course &mdash; save yourself that extra trip.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Alright, run along now. Don't keep them waiting.

;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Why's that girl Yuhua not in the kitchen helping me out...
----
;(If the timer runs out)
:'''Paimon:''' Oh no, looks like we've taken too long... Let's hope Yanxiao isn't too stressed out...
----
;(Talk to Holderlin or Caspar after obtaining two Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewers)
:'''Holderlin:''' We've been here all day, why hasn't anyone come to take our orders yet?
:;(Give the Delicious Chicken-Mushroom Skewers)
:'''Holderlin:''' Well, finally! I was just about to leave...
:{{DIcon}} What would you like to order?
:'''Holderlin:''' I've heard that the people of Liyue make excellent seafood, so I'd like to try some...
:'''Holderlin:''' But I've been trying the vegetarian lifestyle out recently, so I can't have meat. I wonder if they have something... vegetarian that tastes like seafood...
:'''Caspar:''' Ever since I tried spicy food at Wanmin Restaurant, I've been completely smitten by that flavor. Nowadays, I can't eat anything if it doesn't have that spice in it.
:'''Caspar:''' I'll pass on seafood, I've had too much of it lately. Some fowl would be great.
:'''Caspar:''' I'm not familiar with Liyue cuisine, so I'll take whatever you recommend, thanks.

;(Talk to Holderlin or Caspar again)
:'''Holderlin:''' Hope my order arrives soon...
:'''Caspar:''' I wonder what I'll be served...
----
;(Report to Smiley Yanxiao)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' So, what did they order?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' What would Holderlin like to order?
:{{DIcon}} Vegetarian Abalone.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Hmm, that's a tough one. This outlander sure knows how to pick 'em.
:{{DIcon}} Golden Shrimp Balls.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' No problem, this won't be hard.
:{{DIcon}} Jueyun Chili Chicken.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' No problem, this won't be hard.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' What would Caspar like to eat?
:{{DIcon}} Vegetarian Abalone.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Alright, I've got it.
:{{DIcon}} Golden Shrimp Balls.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Alright, I've got it.
:{{DIcon}} Jueyun Chili Chicken.
::'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' This outlander likes spicy food, does he? Ho, I can do that.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Alright, alright, I've got them down now... Phew, this'll be a busy day and no mistake.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Let me see if there's anything we need your help with... Oh yes, we have two servings of takeout here. Could I trouble you to send them out?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' One serving of Almond Tofu for Aunt Qiao, and a serving of Golden Shrimp Balls for Zhuyu.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Having made so many dishes in such a short time, we're starting to run out of ingredients.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' How about this? While you're on your trip, you bring some ingredients back with you. {{Color|buzzword|Three servings of Rice, Almonds, and Tofu}} each should do the trick.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' We really don't have sufficient ingredients on hand right now, so I'll have to trouble you to go out and buy some. You should be able to get all these ingredients from {{Color|buzzword|Second Life}}, just report the bill to me afterwards.
:;(Obtain {{Item|Aunt Qiao's Almond Tofu}})
:;(Obtain {{Item|Zhuyu's Golden Shrimp Balls}})

;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Taking orders and sending takeout, buying ingredients, serving the food... What else have we got...
----
;(Talk to Aunt Qiao)
:'''Aunt Qiao:''' Anything I can do for you, youngster?
:;(Give Aunt Qiao's Almond Tofu)
:'''Aunt Qiao:''' Oh? This is... the delivery from Wangshu Inn?
:'''Aunt Qiao:''' Oh yes, this is wonderful... A serving of Wangshu Inn's Almond Tofu on a festive occasion is always great.
:'''Aunt Qiao:''' Thank you, young {{MC|man|lady|mc=1}}.

;(Talk to Aunt Qiao again)
:'''Aunt Qiao:''' Thank you, young {{MC|man|lady|mc=1}}.
----
;(Talk to Zhuyu or Qinglian)
:'''Zhuyu:''' Qinglian, is there anything else you'd like to eat other than Golden Shrimp Balls?
:'''Qinglian:''' *cough* Don't worry. Let's wait a while more, the takeout should be here soon.
:'''Zhuyu:''' Hmm? Do you need anything?
:;(Give Zhuyu's Golden Shrimp Balls)
:'''Zhuyu:''' Look, Qinglian, look &mdash; our takeout's here! Thanks for making the trip.

;(Talk to Zhuyu or Qinglian again)
:'''Zhuyu/Qinglian:''' Thanks for coming all this way.
----
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao)
:;(If you finished the deliveries before the timer ran out)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' You've got some smooth moves, don't you? As expected of an adventurer...
:;(If the timer ran out)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Hmm, you were a little slow... *sigh* But there were too many things to do, after all...
:;(If you picked the right dishes for Holderlin and Caspar)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Ah, yes. I've already asked Yuhua to bring the food down to those two customers. They're pretty pleased with it, too &mdash; thanks for making that trip.
:;(If you picked the wrong dishes)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Strange &mdash; I wonder why those customers don't look too pleased after their dishes arrived.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Did my hand slip somewhere? That can't be...

:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' So, are all the other matters settled?
:{{DIcon}} I've sent those meals out.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Good, good &mdash; have you bought the ingredients as well?
:;(Give the Rice, Almond, and Tofu)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Thanks, you've lightened my load a fair bit.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Haha, aren't I a busy man... It's the [[Lantern Rite Festival|Lantern Rite]], and I haven't put a lantern together yet...
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Ah, right. Traveler, do you know how to make Xiao Lanterns?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' It doesn't feel right to ask you for help with this as well, but I really can't spare the time to source for materials to make a lantern.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' If you're willing to help out, could you make me one... No, two &mdash; two lanterns?
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' I'll take one of them, and I'd like you to help me send the other to [[Jiangxue]]. He can usually be found fishing near the inn.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' He's usually something of a freeloader, but for some reason, he hasn't come over today...
----
;(Talk to Smiley Yanxiao again)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' What's with that freeloader today...
:;(Give the Xiao Lantern)
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' You've got nimble hands. Thank you, I should be able to send this Xiao Lantern off soon.
:'''Smiley Yanxiao:''' Ah, yes &mdash; make sure you don't forget to pass the other Xiao Lantern to Jiangxue.
----
;(Talk to Jiangxue)
:'''Jiangxue:''' Another year, another Lantern Rite...
:;(Give the Xiao Lantern)
:'''Jiangxue:''' A Xiao Lantern? Why so sudden...
:{{DIcon}} Smiley Yanxiao wanted me to send this to you.
:'''Jiangxue:''' Ha, that chef is a thoughtful man indeed. He's... changed a great deal since our initial meeting.
:'''Jiangxue:''' Time slips by, and yet here I am, still unable to wholly let go. How shameful.
:{{DIcon}} What can't you let go of?
:'''Jiangxue:''' Nothing, really. Mere trivial matters that aren't worth any mention. Thanks for coming all this way and sending me that Xiao Lantern.
:'''Jiangxue:''' I don't have anything to wish for, nor have I released a Xiao Lantern of my own in a long time...
:'''Jiangxue:''' But having a lantern by my side to look at isn't too bad. Thank you very much.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen
|zhs     = 言笑的喧闹厨房
|zhs_rm  = Yánxiào de xuānnào chúfáng
|zht     = 言笑的喧鬧廚房
|zht_rm  = Yánxiào de xuānnào chúfáng
|zh_tl   = Yanxiao's Noisy Kitchen
|ja      = 言笑の騒がしい厨房
|ja_rm   = Genshou no sawagashii chuubou
|ja_tl   = Yanxiao's Noisy Kitchen
|ko      = 떠들썩한 언소의 주방
|ko_rm   = Tteodeulsseokan Eonso-ui Jubang
|ko_tl   = Uproarious Yanxiao's Kitchen
|es      = La bulliciosa cocina de Yanxiao
|es_tl   = Yanxiao's Bustling Kitchen
|fr      = La folle cuisine de Yanxiao
|fr_tl   = The Crazy Kitchen of Yanxiao
|ru      = Сумасшедшая кухня Янь Сяо
|ru_tl   = Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen
|th      = ห้องครัวอันแสนวุ่นวายของ Yanxiao
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nhà bếp nhộn nhịp của Yanxiao
|vi_tl   = Yanxiao's Bustling Kitchen
|de      = Yianxiaos verrückte Küche
|de_tl   = Yanxiao's Crazy Kitchen
|id      = Dapur Sibuk Yanxiao
|id_tl   = Yanxiao's Busy Kitchen
|pt      = A Cozinha Barulhenta de Yanxiao
|pt_tl   = The Noisy Kitchen of Yanxiao
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

[[es:La bulliciosa cocina de Yanxiao]]
[[ru:Сумасшедшая кухня Янь Сяо]]