{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Yaoyao
|id             = 368162
|image          = Character Yaoyao Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Yaoyao''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Herbs...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Chores...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Master...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Yuegui...
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Don't wanna practice...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} You're here!
:{{DIcon|Idle}} Need help?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Oh goodie, you're here!
:{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Do you need help with anything? Have you been doing well lately? Come on, tell me all about it!
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Hehe, oh, this is much livelier than my place, but it also isn't quite the bustling hive of activity the wharf is.
::{{DIcon}} ...So you like it?
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 02a 1.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Of course. Oh c'mon, you don't have to worry about me.
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 02a 2.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' You see, Master has taught me that "when in an abode, do as the adepti do"... Um, wait, I think it's "the guest should go along with their host"...
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 02a 3.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' But whatever the case, I love it here!
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 02a 4.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I just hope I'm not imposing...
::{{DIcon}} ...So it's not lively enough?
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 02b 1.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' No, no, that's not what I mean.
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 02b 2.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' This place is just like an adeptus's abode &mdash; I feel welcomed and comfortable here.
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 02b 3.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' It's an honor to be invited over to play.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I&mdash;If you don't mind, I'd like to stay here a little longer.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' And... you know, accompany you for a while.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to chat?
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Sure. I love chatting!
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' It's always fun, no matter who I'm talking to!
::{{DIcon}} No matter who, you say? Such as?
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Well, such as... cranes!
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I encountered a very beautiful crane once while washing radishes by a brook.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' It had many colorful feathers, it was so pretty to look at.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I called out to it, and to my surprise, the crane could speak!
::{{DIcon}} Was that Mountain Shaper?
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07a 1.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Hehe, well, let me give you some hints...
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07a 2.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' We really hit it off, and then we shared the shredded radish salad that I made... She also told me a lot of interesting stories.
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07a 3.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Eventually, she declared that we had been fated to meet, and gave me Yuegui.
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07a 4.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' She made it using her very own mechanical arts, you know!
:::{{DIcon}} Oh, so was that Cloud Retainer?
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07a 5.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Bingo! Congratulations, you guessed it!
::{{DIcon}} Was that Cloud Retainer, by any chance?
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07b 1.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Whoa, you got that without any hints! How did you guess?
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07b 2.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I guess the term "smart cookie" was made just for you, huh? Nice one.
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07b 3.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Aunty Cloud Retainer and I had a great time chatting, and then we ate the shredded radish salad that I made... She also told me a lot of interesting stories.
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07b 4.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Eventually, she declared that we had been fated to meet, and gave me Yuegui.
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 07b 5.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' She made it using her very own mechanical arts, you know!
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Adeptus arts, mechanics... I'm really amazed by her many powerful and practical skills.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Let's go talk to her together sometime, shall we?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Hmm... Are you interested in finches? I think they sing very beautifully.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' And I can sing too, by the way, hehe!
::{{DIcon}} Oh, really?
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Yeah! In the past, while my parents busied themselves planting herbs, I would often run off into the hills and forests to play...
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' And there was one time I encountered a large finch teaching a smaller finch how to sing.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' The big finch would sing a line, the small finch would follow along, and so would I. ♪ *whistle*~ ♪
::{{DIcon}} You should come over to play more often in future!
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 06a 1.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Sure, can't say no to that!
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 06a 2.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' And to thank you for "taking me under your wing," allow me to teach you the song of the finches.
::{{DIcon}} Most fascinating...
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 06b 1.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Isn't it? This is what they call, um, "finding joy in the little things"!
:::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 06b 2.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' And I wanna share this little bit of joy with you.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Don't worry, it's waaaay easier than learning to use a spear!
::{{DIcon}} Actually, I use a sword...
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Oh, don't worry, Master taught me this thing called... ah, "understanding by analogy"!
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I want you to see this as just us having some fun, not studying a difficult class or anything.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' So let's do it like this: I'll sing a line, and you'll follow after me.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Don't sweat the other stuff. I'll make the arrangements!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Yaoyao.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Good morning. Let's have breakfast together.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' The weather is great today &mdash; I'll hang your covers to air out later...
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Yaoyao.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Good night, {{Traveler}}.
::{{A|vo yaoyao mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Remember to cover up at night, or you might catch a cold.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Cottage Kitchen===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yaoyao kitchen 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Ooh! I can definitely whip up tons of great meals with all these kitchen implements!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yaoyao kitchen 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Oh, don't you worry, I've learned a thing or two from Xiangling. Even Master really enjoys my food!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yaoyao kitchen 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Is there anything you'd like to eat? Just tell me and I'll make it for you right away.
{{Dialogue End}}

===Qingce Cloud Residence===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yaoyao village 01.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' Wow, this place is so neat and tidy, it's basically perfect. There's nothing for me to do here at all...
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yaoyao village 02.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' In which case, let's play instead!
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yaoyao village 03.ogg}} '''Yaoyao:''' I'll get Yuegui to hide somewhere, and you try to find it. Hehe, I play this game with my friends a lot!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Yaoyao/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Yaoyao/Sérénithéière]]
[[ja:ヨォーヨ/仲間]]
[[ru:Яо Яо/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Yaoyao/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Yaoyao/Bạn Đồng Hành]]