{{Character Infobox
|type             = Open-World NPC
|image            = NPC Yasmin.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Amurta
|title            = Student

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Yasmin''' is an open-world [[NPC]] that appears first in ''[[The Great Tree]]''. She can be found outside of [[the Akademiya]] after the player completes ''[[The Great Tree: Rooted State]]''{{Verify}}.

<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
|hideaddbutton=true
|captionalign=center
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here. -->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each. -->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Divine Tree...
:: {{A|VO Yasmin 01.ogg}} "Oh, the root system of the Divine Tree is... *sigh*"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Thoughts==
{{All Schemes to Know Explanation|name=Yasmin}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|VO Yasmin All Schemes to Know 01.ogg}} '''Yasmin:''' (Please think of something, Ladep!)
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Yasmin:''' Hmm, it's alright. There's nothing wrong with the Divine Tree's roots.
:{{DIcon}} About that potion...
::'''Yasmin:''' Are you talking about that potion we sprinkled around the last time?
::'''Yasmin:''' Hmm... Ladep and Pharez are still trying to make adjustments.
::'''Yasmin:''' The effect was good indeed, but the "physiolocial emetic" that Ladep added really made other people quite uncomfortable.
::'''Yasmin:''' And I don't know why, but this potion also attracts Fungi.
::'''Yasmin:''' I hope Ladep can come up with an improved formula soon...
::{{DIcon}} Are the two of them okay?
::'''Yasmin:''' Regarding their academic achievements, they are very happy now. They've collected empirical data, and their research turned out to be fruitful.
::'''Yasmin:''' But in terms of their everyday lives, they weren't even eating anymore, and their sleep patterns were terribly skewed...
::'''Yasmin:''' In their own words... This is the price of doing research.
:{{DIcon}} Take care.
::'''Yasmin:''' You, too.
::'''Yasmin:''' I'll probably need your help again when I sprinkle the potion next time. Please lend me a hand by then.
{{Dialogue End}}

<!--
==Event Dialogue==
===Event Name===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:PAGENAME}}:'''
{{Dialogue End}}

==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yasmin
|zhs     = 雅丝敏
|zhs_rm  = Yǎsīmǐn
|zht     = 雅絲敏
|zht_rm  = Yǎsīmǐn
|ja      = ヤスミン
|ja_rm   = Yasumin
|ko      = 야스민
|es      = Yasmín
|fr      = Yasmin
|ru      = Ясмин
|th      = Yasmin
|vi      = Yasmin
|de      = Yasmin
|id      = Yasmin
|pt      = Yasmin
|tr      = Yasmin
|it      = Yasmin
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->