{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 73659
|image         = Yavanani Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Sumeru City]], [[Sumeru]]
|region        = Sumeru
|area          = Avidya Forest
|subarea       = Sumeru City
|characters    = Traveler; Yavanani
|rewards       = Mora*20,000
|rep           = Sumeru
}}
'''''Yavanani's Apples''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Sumeru]].

==Steps==
# Give five Apples to [[Yavanani]]

==Request Details==
Help Needed:<br>
Apples have been imbued with many complex meanings as a symbol of desire.<br>
Its oldest symbolism, that of the expectation of abundance and satiety, is constantly being eroded.<br>
Thus, any text that expresses a desire for "apples" must be carefully studied to understand its meaning.<br>
Know this, that many cryptic readings use methods of self-expression almost akin to a ventriloquist's artifice.<br>
As such, I have always avoided obtuse and overly abbreviated expressions, being alert to double meanings in any text, as we all should.<br>
Effendi's Notes: Ms. Yavanani, commissions are not academic reports and thus do not require this mode of writing.<br>
Just say that you want {{Color|buzzword|Apples}}. Will {{Color|buzzword|5}} of them suffice?

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Yavanani from Sumeru City needs five Apples.}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Yavanani:''' Language is the foundation of all forms of sociological and historical studies. It makes perfect sense to approach the issue from a linguistic point of view. How stubborn of them to not see that...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About the Apples...
::'''Yavanani:''' Effendi reminded me to explain details about my request in a comprehensible manner...
::'''Yavanani:''' I'll get right to it, then. Have you got the five Apples?
::{{DIcon|Quest}} Here are the apples you wanted.
:::'''Yavanani:''' Thank you. It's pretty easy to post requests with Effendi. Not much explanation necessary.
::{{DIcon}} Not yet.
:::'''Yavanani:''' Okay, come back when you have them.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Yavanani's Apples
|zhs     = 雅瓦娜尼的苹果需求
|zhs_rm  = Yǎwǎnàní de Píngguǒ Xūqiú
|zht     = 雅瓦娜尼的蘋果需求
|zht_rm  = Yǎwǎnàní de Píngguǒ Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = Yavanani's Apple Demand
|ja      = ヤヴァナニのリンゴのリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Yavanani no Ringo no Rikuesuto
|ja_tl   = Yavanani's Request of Apples
|ko      = 야바나니의 사과 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Yabanani-ui Sagwa Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Yavanani's Apple Request
|es      = Manzanas para Yavanani
|es_tl   = Apples for Yavanani
|fr      = Des pommes pour Yavanani
|fr_tl   = Apples for Yavanani
|ru      = Яблоки для Яванани
|ru_tl   = Apples for Yavanani
|th      = การสรรหา Apple ของ Yavanani
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Yêu Cầu Về Táo Của Yavanani
|vi_tl   = Yavanani's Request About Apples
|de      = Yavananis Bitte um Äpfel
|de_tl   = Yavanani's Request for Apples
|id      = Permintaan Apple dari Yavanani
|id_tl   = Apple Request from Yavanani
|pt      = Maçãs para Yavanani
|pt_tl   = 
|tr      = Yavanani'nin Elmaları
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Mele per Yavanani
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.0}}

[[es:Manzanas para Yavanani]]
[[ja:ヤヴァナニのリンゴのリクエスト]]