{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Yelan
|id             = 368149
|image          = Character Yelan Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Yelan''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
* "As for the score..."
* "In exchange..."
* "News..."
* "Play the role..."
* "Time to pull the net in..."

When the player is nearby:
* "...Need help?"
* "Ah, you're here..."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo yelan mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh? Look who it is.
:{{A|vo yelan mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' To what do I owe the honor? Or did you just need my help, (Traveler)?
:{{DIcon}} How are you finding this place?
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Not bad. The courtyard furnishings are very nice, and the scenery in the distance is really one of a kind.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' So yeah, I think I'm gonna enjoy my time off here.
::{{DIcon}} Where do you normally live?
::{{DIcon}} Where do you usually spend your down time?
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' In my own home, of course.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' My home's located some way outside of the city, in a very quiet and peaceful area.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hehe... judging by the look on your face, I'm guessing you've fallen for the rumors about me being very wealthy and having high demands for my standards of living?
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Seeing isn't always believing, and if you can't trust your eyes, you certainly can't trust rumors.
::{{DIcon}} Being away from the hustle and bustle has its benefits...
::{{DIcon}} Perhaps it helps with your work...
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Bingo. I think you got it. Seems like you're learning.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' If you live far enough out in the sticks, you have plenty of legitimate reasons to ditch work. The mountain path was blocked, or you ran into some [[Treasure Hoarders]] en route...
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Not to mention that if you live in a packed and bustling city, it's much easier for people to trace your steps. This creates all kinds of issues, and gets in the way of my ability to track my targets.
::{{DIcon}} Interesting, I hadn't considered that.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' That said, since I'm free to come and go as I please here, it would be a terrible waste for me to not use it as a backup base.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You wouldn't mind that, would you?
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I would be delighted.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' We should make some tea, too. Sipping tea, chatting, and just enjoying the time off, it's a great way to recharge.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hey, you're friendly with "Rain Calmer" aren't you? I hear she's a tea drinker, too. Why don't you treat me to some choice tea from her personal collection?
::{{DIcon}} Don't be mean to [[Tubby]].
::{{DIcon}} You should go earn her trust yourself.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Heh, I'm just pulling your leg. She let me try some of her tea already, and we had a lovely chat.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The key to making sure a conversation goes well is choosing the right topic.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' For chatting with you... let's go with tracking techniques, ambush essentials, expanding your network of contacts, and setting up lookouts.
::{{DIcon}} So specialized...
::{{DIcon}} So formal...
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hehe, well if you were just looking to shoot the breeze with me, I can get on board with that, too.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You know me &mdash; role-playing's one of my biggest strengths.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' ...Seriously, though, I think the topics I mentioned are the ones really worth sharing with you.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' The things I've learned come from a mix of secret techniques taught by the [[Millelith]] Scouts, real-life cases of competition in the business world, and the experience of various overseas organizations.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' For someone like you, this knowledge is going to come in handy sooner or later.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 12.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Once you've mastered it, you'll be able to avoid being pushed around by those in the know.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship2 13.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Anyway, just remember to come to me if you ever want to improve in these areas. I'll teach you everything I know.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Isn't this your time off? You should do something that isn't too mentally taxing.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh, I have some dice in my pocket. Why don't we have a little fun?
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I'll roll the dice, and the score decides who confesses.
::{{DIcon}} Score?
::{{DIcon}} "Confess"?
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' If I roll a one, three, or five, you have to confess. You have to tell me... a secret that no one else can ever be allowed to know.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' If it's two, four, or six, then I'll be the one who has to reveal an important secret to you. What do you say?
::{{DIcon}} Sounds a little risky...
:::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 06a 1.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' In other words, you still have some reservations towards me.
:::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 06a 2.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' But the good news is, you passed the test. The fact that you'll keep some cards close to your chest even in front of a major ally actually makes me more confident in you.
:::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 06a 3.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Maybe you'll make a successful intelligence agent yourself one day. I'm excited to go up against you.
::{{DIcon}} Let's go for it!
:::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 06b 1.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Oh? So you really want to play, despite there being a fifty-fifty chance of losing?
:::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 06b 2.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Or is it that you're willing to take a gamble for the sake of finding out my secrets?
:::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 06b 3.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Interesting. I was going to pull a little trick, but now even I'm looking forward to this.
:::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo friendship3 06b 4.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Hehe... Then let round one begin.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Morning, Yelan.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Morning... this is early for me, but you seem pretty peppy.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You don't seem to have much going on right now, though, so I think I'll go ahead and snooze a while longer.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Yelan.
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Good night to you too, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo yelan mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I'll keep working for a little while longer. My mind's at peak efficiency at this hour, so it's the perfect time to go through the clues and piece everything together...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Gathering of Gourmets===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yelan restaurant 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' This food street is great. It really captures that urban feel of [[Liyue Harbor#Chihu Rock|Chihu Rock]].
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yelan restaurant 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' You've got to have a proper breakfast to get yourself in the right mood for work.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yelan restaurant 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Also &mdash; if you keep an ear open when you're at one of these roadside eateries, you can usually pick up a few useful snippets of information...
{{Dialogue end}}

===Qingce Cloud Residence===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yelan village 01.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' This house is similar to a place in Southwest [[Minlin]] that I lived in for a while.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yelan village 02.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' Minlin... now that was a smooth operation. Thinking back on it puts me in a good mood.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly yelan village 03.ogg}} '''Yelan:''' I should go back and give that place a spring-clean sometime. Never know when it might prove useful again...
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}