{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 41337
|image         = 
|type          = World
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Minlin
|subarea       = Huaguang Stone Forest
|event_name    = Lantern Rite Tales
|summary       = 
|requirement   = Complete [[Wangshu Once Again]]
|startLocation = [[Huaguang Stone Forest]], [[Liyue]]
|characters    = Little Que'er; Paimon; Sun Yu; Traveler; Zhiruo
|prev          = 
|next          = 
|exp           = 
|mora          = 20,000
|primogems     = 30
|other         = 
{{Card|Festive Fever (Lantern Rite)|100}}
}}
'''''Yesteryear's Lanterns and the Guhua of Today''''' is the fourth request in Part II of the [[Lantern Rite Tales]] event. It opens on the sixth day of the event.

==Steps==
#Go to [[Huaguang Stone Forest]]
#Talk to [[Sun Yu]]
#Collect [[Qingxin]] flowers (0/1)
#Give the Qingxin flowers to Sun Yu
#Talk to Sun Yu
#Go to the old [[Guhua Clan]] Spot to release the lantern
#Talk to [[Zhiruo]]
#Follow Zhiruo
#Talk to Zhiruo
#Follow Zhiruo
#Talk to Zhiruo
#Report back to Sun Yu and [[Little Que'er]]

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Sun Yu]] and [[Little Que'er]] seem to want to release a [[Xiao Lantern]]...}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Sun Yu)
:'''Sun Yu:''' If I release a lantern around here, the adepti might see it, right? But with these materials...
:{{DIcon}} What are you doing?
:'''Sun Yu:''' Ah, I'm sorry, my junior and I were just considering the matter of releasing a Xiao Lantern.
:'''Sun Yu:''' The trouble is that we don't quite have sufficient materials on hand...
:'''Sun Yu:''' But if you are willing, friend...
:'''Little Que'er:''' There you go again... Guhua this, Guhua that...
:'''Little Que'er:''' The Lantern Rite only comes once a year, and all you can think to make a wish about is the Guhua Clan...
:'''Sun Yu:''' Are we not both disciples of Guhua? It falls on us to revive the Guhua Clan to its former glory.
:'''Little Que'er:''' Yes, Brother... whatever you say, Brother...
:'''Sun Yu:''' Excuse me, friend. Would you, perchance, be willing to fetch some Xiao Lantern materials for me?
:{{DIcon}} Sure.
::'''Sun Yu:''' I salute you.
:{{DIcon}} Your fellow disciple might have something to say about that...
::'''Little Que'er:''' No, it was nothing! No, whatever he wants, that's fine by me...
::'''Sun Yu:''' *sigh* Sister...
:'''Sun Yu:''' Ahem. So, I've checked over everything. It seems like we're still missing a Qingxin...
:'''Sun Yu:''' The last ones we picked have since dried out and turned brittle...
:{{DIcon}} You can make Xiao Lanterns from Qingxin?
:'''Sun Yu:''' Heh, it's an unorthodox method that my fellow Guhua disciples and I once came up with when we were bored and have nothing else to do.
:'''Sun Yu:''' But there is something rather nice about Xiao Lanterns scented with flowers.
:'''Sun Yu:''' I shall await you here. Please bring the materials here once you have found them. You have my thanks.
----
;(Talk to Sun Yu again)
:'''Sun Yu:''' I shall await you here. Please bring the materials here once you have found them. You have my thanks.
:;(Give the Qingxin)

;(Talk to Sun Yu after submitting the Qingxin)
:'''Sun Yu:''' Thank you! We should be able to make a Xiao Lantern now.
:'''''Sun Yu begins constructing a Xiao Lantern...'''''
:'''Sun Yu:''' It's done, Que'er. Inscribe our wishes on this lantern later, if you will, for your handwriting has always been very good...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Sure, sure I'll do the writing.
:'''Sun Yu:''' Que'er... Are you... displeased, by any chance? What's the matter?
:'''Little Que'er:''' Oh no, I'm not displeased at all. In fact, I couldn't be more happy to help release this lantern...
:{{DIcon}} *cough* Ahem! So, uh, where were you planning to release that lantern?
:{{DIcon}} Ahem. You should go release your lantern.
:'''Sun Yu:''' Wh&mdash;Why, uh yes! Indeed, friend, you speak the truth &mdash; we should do exactly that.
:'''Little Que'er:''' Okay, you can go if you want. I won't join you, though. It's a hard climb and I don't have the energy.
:'''Sun Yu:''' But... But we've been resting here for a sufficiently long time, I do believe...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Uh, I've got a headache coming on. I don't know, maybe I caught a cold from this mountain air. It was a bit windy just now.
:'''Sun Yu:''' I... Uh...
:{{DIcon}} ...Please, allow me.
:{{DIcon}} I'll release the lantern for you!
:'''Sun Yu:''' I... ...*sigh* If you would be so kind, my friend. In fact, I had originally planned to release it from a very specific location...
:'''Sun Yu:''' Back when the Guhua Clan still... well, existed, an elder disciple would take me there to release a lantern every Lantern Rite.
:'''Sun Yu:''' Sadly, the Clan has since met its demise. No practitioner of Guhua has set foot in that place to release a lantern in a long time...
:'''Sun Yu:''' Since you offer your aid, my friend, I shall not refuse it. Please, go there and release this Xiao Lantern on my behalf.
:'''Sun Yu:''' I shall mark the location for you. Meanwhile, I need to take care of my fellow disciple...

;(Talk to Sun Yu or Little Que'er again)
:'''Sun Yu:''' Are you quite alright? How did you suddenly develop a headache... Do you need any medicine?
:'''Little Que'er:''' No, uh, no need... Just stay with me for a bit, I'm sure it'll pass...
----
;(Approach the spot)
:'''Paimon:''' This should be where Sun Yu wanted us to release the lantern.
:'''Paimon:''' Oh, there's somebody there! Maybe they're also here to release Xiao Lanterns?

;(Talk to Zhiruo)
:'''Zhiruo:''' You're here... to release lanterns?
:'''Zhiruo:''' None but the members of the Guhua Clan know of this spot, and yet your faces are unfamiliar...
:{{DIcon}} I'm here at someone's behest.
:'''Zhiruo:''' There are those of the Guhua Clan who still remember this place?
:'''Zhiruo:''' I saw no one when I first arrived, and that saddened me, I must admit...
:'''Zhiruo:''' But it gladdens my heart to know that there are still those of the Guhua Clan that remember this place.
:{{DIcon}} The Guhua Clan used to release lanterns here?
:'''Zhiruo:''' Yes... We would craft our lanterns, then an older disciple would bring us here. They'd lead the way, and we'd follow behind with our lanterns in hand.
:'''Zhiruo:''' Back then... Xiao Lanterns from all over the mountain would merge into one in the sky. It was a wonderful sight.
:'''Zhiruo:''' But now...
:'''Zhiruo:''' ...Let's release the lantern first. If you have the time, we can discuss the past further as we walk.

;(Follow and talk to Zhiruo)
:'''Zhiruo:''' I remember that there was once when, on the occasion of our releasing lanterns, a high-spirited senior demanded a match with me.
:'''Zhiruo:''' I had yet to make reply when a trusty female junior of ours stealthily poured water on the ground where he stood.
:'''Zhiruo:''' With the ground so wet and slippery, our elder disciple had not even drawn his sword before taking one step, slipping and falling, and landing right on his buttocks. I laughed so hard that I promptly followed suit.
:'''Zhiruo:''' He was not angry, he just pointed at me and laughed. Everyone else gathered around and laughed along...
:'''Zhiruo:''' I don't know where he is today...

;(Follow and talk to Zhiruo)
:'''Zhiruo:''' I also once saw a glimmer of hope. It was a [[Xingqiu|young boy]] who had just joined the Guhua Clan. He was handsome, well-mannered, and exceptionally talented. It seemed like he would be the one to revive the tradition.
:'''Zhiruo:''' But he was difficult to track down, and no one would see a glimpse of him for long periods... *sigh* I guess I never should have put my hopes in him.
:'''Zhiruo:''' Better to let him go, and not hold out for his return.

;(Follow and talk to Zhiruo)
:'''Zhiruo:''' When I left the Guhua Clan, there were barely any disciples left.
:'''Zhiruo:''' Master did not blame me. He just told me to live a good life.
:'''Zhiruo:''' But now, I don't know whether I have lived a good life...
:'''Zhiruo:''' ...Or just... made it through life, with little to show for it.
:'''Zhiruo:''' I've heard people say that a Guhua disciple called Sun Yu is currently visiting the mountain, and that he seeks to revive Guhua.
:'''Zhiruo:''' If only I had his courage...
:'''Zhiruo:''' Sorry, I'm prattling away, aren't I... It's good to come outside once in a while, get some fresh air, and get some things off my chest...
:{{DIcon}} You seem a little down.
:'''Zhiruo:''' Oh... I'm fine. It's just... this time of year.
:'''Zhiruo:''' Anyway, it's getting a little late. Happy Lantern Rite, and... please, could you pass on a message to the one who sent you with the lantern? The message is this:
:'''Zhiruo:''' ...The message is... Um...
:'''Zhiruo:''' ...Um, um... "Happy Lantern Rite, from Zhiruo," I suppose.
:{{DIcon}} Happy Lantern Rite to you, too.
:'''Zhiruo:''' Thanks. Take care of yourself.
----
;(After talking to Zhiruo)
:'''Paimon:''' Well, the Xiao Lantern's been released. Let's go back and tell Sun Yu and Little Que'er.
----
;(Talk to Sun Yu)
:'''Sun Yu:''' Ah, you're back. Did you release the Xiao Lantern?
:{{DIcon}} About what happened when we released the lantern...
:'''''You report everything that happened when the lantern was released...'''''
:'''Sun Yu:''' I see. Yes, Zhiruo... I remember her. She took good care of me back then.
:'''Sun Yu:''' And she still remembers the Guhua Clan. I am pleased...
:{{DIcon}} How is Little Que'er?
:'''Sun Yu:''' Ah yes, Little Que'er's headache is getting better. Perhaps she had just caught a cold, I'm now preparing to...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Brother, about that person Zhiruo you were speaking of just now...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Was she your senior in the Guhua Clan? Was she good-looking? Were you two close?
:'''Sun Yu:''' Oh well, I can't say I knew her too well... But Zhiruo was quite adept at healing wounds. Whenever anyone was injured, we'd always go straight to her.
:'''Sun Yu:''' Hahaha, now that I think about it, there were probably many that fancied her in the Guhua Clan.
:'''Little Que'er:''' And how about you, Brother?
:'''Sun Yu:''' Oh, uh... I...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Brother, you and Zhiruo... what's your relationship, exactly?
:'''Sun Yu:''' Uh... We aren't very close, really. You could say we share the fated fellowship of our clan...
:'''Little Que'er:''' Oh... Then what about the relationship between you and me?
:'''Sun Yu:''' Hahaha, why, we also share the fated fellowship of our clan, of course!
:'''Little Que'er:''' ...
:'''Sun Yu:''' Que'er? Is... is there something wrong?
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Yesteryear's Lanterns and the Guhua of Today
|zhs     = 去年霄灯，今日古华
|zhs_rm  = Qùnián xiāodēng, jīnrì Gǔhuá
|zht     = 去年霄燈，今日古華
|zht_rm  = Qùnián xiāodēng, jīnrì Gǔhuá
|zh_tl   = Yesteryear's Xiao-Lanterns, and the Guhua of Today
|ja      = 去年の霄灯、今日の古華
|ja_rm   = Kyonen no Shoutou, Kyou no Koka
|ja_tl   = Yesteryear's Xiao-Lanterns, and the Guhua of Today
|ko      = 작년의 소등, 오늘의 고화
|ko_rm   = Jangnyeonui Sodeung, Oneurui Gohwa
|ko_tl   = Last Year's Celestial Lanterns, Today's Guhua
|es      = Linternas del pasado, Guhua del presente
|es_tl   = Lanterns of the Past, Guhua of the Present
|fr      = Lanternes & Guhua
|fr_tl   = Lanterns and Guhua
|ru      = Фонари прошлого и Гухуа настоящего
|ru_tl   = Lanterns of the Past and Guhua of the Present
|th      = โคม Xiao เมื่อปีที่แล้ว กับ Guhua ในวันนี้
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Năm ngoái Đèn Tiêu, năm nay Cổ Hoa
|vi_tl   = 
|de      = Die Laternen von damals, Guhua von heute
|de_tl   = The Lanterns From Then, Guhua From Today
|id      = Lantern Rite Tahun lalu dan Guhua Tahun Ini
|id_tl   = Yesteryear's Lantern Rite and the Guhua of This Year
|pt      = As Lanternas do Passado, Guhua do Presente
|pt_tl   = The Lanterns of the Past, Guhua of the Present
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}
[[pt-br:As Lanternas do Passado, Guhua do Presente]]