{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 71714
|image         = Yi Zhu Icon.png
|type          = World
|group         = Request
|startLocation = [[Liyue Harbor]], [[Liyue]]
|region        = Liyue
|area          = Sea of Clouds
|subarea       = Liyue Harbor
|characters    = Traveler; Yi Xian; Yi Zhu
|rep           = Liyue
|mora          = 20,000
}}
'''''Yi Zhu's Snack''''' is a weekly [[Reputation Request]] that occurs in [[Liyue]].

==Steps==
# Give the [[Almond Tofu]] to [[Yi Zhu]]

==Gameplay Notes==
* You cannot submit a suspicious variant of Almond Tofu to Yi Zhu.

==Request Details==
===Almond Tofu===
Help Needed:<br />
[[Yi Xian]] seems to be a bit down lately. She isn't saying anything, but I can see it...<br />
She's always enjoyed eating sweet foods, so if someone doesn't mind helping us out, please get me {{Color|buzzword|a serving of Almond Tofu}}.<br />
I'm thinking that if Yi Xian eats some Almond Tofu, she'll cheer up a little.

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|[[Yi Zhu]] needs a serving of [[Almond Tofu]].}}
{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yi Zhu during daytime)
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Come on Yi Xian, there's a good girl. It's home time...
:'''Yi Xian:''' I'm not going home! I'm going to look for Mommy!
:'''Yi Zhu:''' But Mommy isn't coming home...
:'''Yi Xian:''' *sobs* Why won't Mommy come home... Does Mommy not love us anymore?
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Hey, don't say such silly things...
:'''Yi Xian:''' But, but... I know I saw the lady with black clothes bring Mommy here... *sobs*
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Yi Xian, what happened was... Mommy is one of the stars in the sky now.
:'''Yi Xian:''' You mean Mommy isn't sleeping anymore? ...You're lying, I don't believe you!
:'''Yi Zhu:''' I'm telling the truth, Yi Xian... Listen, how about we wait till nighttime and I take you up onto the roof? When you see the starlight, you will feel Mommy's loving eyes looking down...
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Almond Tofu...
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Hi! Oh, you must've seen my commission. Have you prepared an Almond Tofu for me?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Ready!
:;(Opens item selection menu)
::'''Yi Zhu:''' Yay, Almond Tofu! I'll take that.
::'''Yi Zhu:''' This is for you. Thanks for helping.
::'''Yi Zhu:''' I hope this Almond Tofu will keep Yi Xian happy...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Yi Zhu:''' Aw alright, just bring it to me as soon as it's ready.
{{Dialogue end}}

{{Dialogue start}}
;(Talk to Yi Zhu during nighttime)
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Hi... Are you looking for me?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} About Almond Tofu...
:'''Yi Zhu:''' Hi! Oh, you must've seen my commission. Have you prepared an Almond Tofu for me?
:{{DIcon|Quest}} Ready!
:;(Opens item selection menu)
::'''Yi Zhu:''' Yay, Almond Tofu! I'll take that.
::'''Yi Zhu:''' This is for you. Thanks for helping.
::'''Yi Zhu:''' I hope this Almond Tofu will keep Yi Xian happy...
:{{DIcon}} Not yet.
::'''Yi Zhu:''' Aw alright, just bring it to me as soon as it's ready.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en      = Yi Zhu's Snack
|zhs     = 一柱的甜食需求
|zhs_rm  = Yī Zhú de Tiánshí Xūqiú
|zht     = 一柱的甜食需求
|zht_rm  = Yī Zhú de Tiánshí Xūqiú
|zh_tl   = Yi Zhu's Requirement of Desserts
|ja      = 一柱のデザートのリクエスト
|ja_rm   = Icchuu no Dezaato no Rikuesuto{{Assumed}}
|ja_tl   = Yi Zhu's Dessert Request
|ko      = 일주의 디저트 의뢰
|ko_rm   = Ilju-ui Dijeoteu Uiroe
|ko_tl   = Yi Zhu's Dessert Request
|es      = Dulces para Yi Zhu
|es_tl   = 
|fr      = Les douceurs de Yizhu
|fr_tl   = The Sweets of Yizhu
|ru      = Сладости для И Чжу
|ru_tl   = Candies For Yi Zhu
|th      = การสรรหาของหวานของ Yi Zhu
|th_rm   = 
|th_tl   = 
|vi      = Nguyên liệu thực phẩm Yi Zhu cần
|vi_tl   = Ingredients That Yi Zhu Needs
|de      = Yi Zhus Bitte um Süßigkeiten
|de_tl   = Yi Zhu's Request for Sweets
|id      = Makanan Ringan Yi Zhu
|id_tl   = Yi Zhu's Snack
|pt      = Pedido de Doces de Yi Zhu
|pt_tl   = Yi Zhu's Order of Candies
|tr      = Yi Zhu'ya Atıştırmalık
|tr_tl   = 
|it      = Uno spuntino per Yi Zhu
|it_tl   = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.1}}

[[ja:一柱のデザートのリクエスト]]