{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Yi'nian.png
|type             = Event NPC
|region           = Liyue
|title            = Street Food Vendor
|voiceEN          = [https://www.yongyeavo.com Yong Yea]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/YongYea/status/1359553713212256256 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
}}
'''Yi'nian''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] that appeared in [[Lantern Rite]]. During this event, he can be found at Feiyun Slope in [[Liyue Harbor]].

He is a street food vendor specializing in Lantern Rite specialties (Delicious-quality Liyue dishes). His shop does not restock.

==Shop==
{{Shop/Header|vendor=Yi'nian}}
{{Shop|Lantern Rite Special Grilled Tiger Fish|380|20}}
{{Shop|Lantern Rite Special Fried Radish Balls|2,025|15}}
{{Shop|Lantern Rite Special Lotus Seed and Bird Egg Soup|1,550|15}}
{{Shop|Lantern Rite Special Jewelry Soup|1,775|15}}
{{Shop|Lantern Rite Special Noodles with Mountain Delicacies|2,150|15}}
{{Shop|Lantern Rite Special Come and Get It|6,225|10}}
{{Shop|Lantern Rite Special Triple-Layered Consommé|7,050|10}}
{{Shop/Footer}}

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
===Events===
* [[Lantern Rite]]
** [[The Origin of the Lanterns]]

==Idle Quotes==
* "A Lantern Rite specialty..."
** {{A|VO Yi'nian 01 (Lantern Rite).ogg}} Lantern Rite Special Grilled Tiger Fish, don't pass up the opportunity to give it a try!

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Yi'nian:''' Ah, a customer! What can I get for you? How about some Lantern Rite specialties? We only make them once a year!
:{{DIcon|Shop}} I'd like to buy a snack.
::'''Yi'nian:''' Certainly! Take a look and decide for yourself. I can do anything on the menu. Or if there's something in particular you're after, I can do that instead!
:;(Opens Shop menu)
:{{DIcon}} How's business these days?
::'''Yi'nian:''' Haha, business is better than ever. Thanks for asking.
::'''Yi'nian:''' But if you ask me, making good food is what really counts. Perfecting tasty snacks is time well spent, rather than thinking all day about how to make more advertisements.
::'''Yi'nian:''' If it's good, it'll sell itself. At least, that's what I think. I don't need any boring advice from [[Wang'ya]].
:{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Yi'nian:''' Take care. Please come again!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yi'nian
|zhs     = 宜年
|zhs_rm  = Yí'nián
|zht     = 宜年
|zht_rm  = Yí'nián
|ja      = 宜年
|ja_rm   = Ginen{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 의언
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Yinian
|fr      = Yinian
|ru      = И Нянь
|th      = Yi'nian
|vi      = Yi'nian
|de      = Yinian
|id      = Yi'nian
|pt      = Yi'nian
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.3}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Yinian]]