{{Meta
<!-- REMOVE THIS TEMPLATE AFTER ADDING MISSING INFO -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Yingzhu.png
|type             = Event NPC
|region           = Liyue
|affiliation      = Adventurers' Guild
|title            = Adventurer
|voiceJP          = [http://amuleto.jp/talents/koshimizurisa.html Koshimizu Risa ({{lang|mini=1|ja=小清水 里紗}})]<ref>Amuleto: [http://amuleto.jp/talents/koshimizurisa.html JP VA's Profile]</ref>
}}
'''Yingzhu''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who makes an appearance in [[Energy Amplifier Initiation]].

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Yingzhu has long black hair tied in a high ponytail. She wears the standard female uniform of the Adventurers' Guild. The uniform consists of three layers of clothing (a white short-sleeve dress with a front cut-off, a green cape collar with a ruffled trim and a triangular back flap, and a green panel skirt with slits and a red bow at the back), a green Dixie cap with a red cross on the left, a short red neckerchief, brown socks and laced high leather boots. The Adventurers' Guild logo, an eight-pointed star, is printed on the right and back flaps of the collar.

==Quests and Events==
===Events===
* [[Energy Amplifier Initiation]]
** Act I: [[Mr. Melancholy]]

==Idle Quotes==
* "It's fine, don't worry..."
** {{A|VO Yingzhu 01.ogg}} "It's fine, don't worry about it. If you gather up what you can, then surely something can be done about it." ''(Voice-Over)''

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:'''Yingzhu:''' I'm sure we can figure this whole thing out...
::{{DIcon}} What's wrong?
::'''Yingzhu:''' Huh, so you weren't paying attention last time, then?
::'''Yingzhu:''' Basically, [[Sumeru Akademiya]] commissioned the Adventurers' Guild to investigate on their behalf, and we found an Irminsul Fruit.
::'''Yingzhu:''' Judging by the scholars' response, it seemed to be an object of major significance for their research.
::'''Yingzhu:''' Unfortunately, there was an incident while we were transporting the Irminsul Fruit, and it blew up. That's the long and short of it.
::'''Yingzhu:''' [[Hosseini]] hasn't stopped moaning and groaning about it ever since. It's giving me a real headache...
::{{DIcon}} What does this mean for the Guild's relations with the Akademiya?
::'''Yingzhu:''' Incidents like this are everyone's worst nightmare. It's damaging for the Guild's reputation, and it will affect our standing with the Akademiya...
::'''Yingzhu:''' *sigh* It's such a mess. We have to find some way of putting everything right...
::'''Yingzhu:''' Traveler, please do make the matter of the Irminsul Fruit fragments and the Energy Amplifier your top priority.
::{{DIcon}} Goodbye.
::'''Yingzhu:''' We greatly appreciate your ongoing support in this matter, Traveler. Safe travels, and ad astra abyssosque!
{{Dialogue end}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yingzhu
|zhs     = 盈珠
|zhs_rm  = Yíngzhū
|zht     = 盈珠
|zht_rm  = Yíngzhū
|ja      = 盈珠
|ja_rm   = Eishu{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 주영
|ko_rm   = Juyeong
|es      = Yingzhu
|fr      = Yingzhu
|ru      = Ин Чжу
|th      = Yingzhu
|vi      = Yingzhu
|de      = Yingzhu
|id      = Yingzhu
|pt      = Yingzhu
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.5}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}