{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Yip Tak.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Liyue
|location         = Liyue
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|spouse           = Gaming's Mother
|spouseNote       = deceased
|sibling          = 
|child            = Gaming
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = [https://juneyoon.actor/ June Yoon]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/JuneYoon_/status/1756014400790749672 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Yip Tak''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[The Glede Returns to the Pavilion]]''. He is [[Gaming]]'s father.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
Yip Tak is the father of Gaming. He married Gaming's mother, who came from outside the village. His ancestors were tea farmers for several generations, though by the time Tak took over the family business they were only primarily selling tea leaves.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Gaming|1}}</ref>

During Gaming's childhood, Tak showed Gaming a wushou dance, causing him to become interested in wushou dancing and wanting to pursue a career as a professional dancer. Tak did not approve of the decision, as he wanted Gaming to succeed him in his small-scale tea business. The two nearly went into a fistfight until Gaming ran away from home, going to [[Yilong Wharf]] to look for employment of his own. While Tak's wife supported Gaming's decision, Tak was more stubborn, which his wife believed was him just being worried over their son's future. Eventually, Tak's wife passed away from unknown causes, leaving Tak the sole operator of his business.

During the events of [[Vibrant Harriers Aloft in Spring Breeze]], the Traveler and Paimon learn of Gaming's situation with Tak and informs [[Xianyun]], [[Ganyu]] and [[Shenhe]] of his problem. Xianyun, not wanting the problem to manifest into a regret, takes matters into her own hands by concocting a plan to get the two to reconcile with each other. Having [[Charlotte]] buy Tak's merchandise, Tak would request the [[Secure Transport Agency]] to help bring his wares to Liyue Harbor. Gaming took the job, but became surprised when he learns that the person he was escorting was his father. On the way to Wangshu Inn, the group is ambushed by [[Mountain Shaper]] and [[Moon Carver]], posing as bandits to draw Gaming away. They soon run into [[Zhongli]], and during a conversation with him, Tak expresses his worry about his son's future as the tea business was stable. Zhongli tells him that he should let Gaming choose his own path; by the time Gaming returns, Tak explains his reason as to why he opposed him living in the city.

Upon arriving at the harbor, Tak meets Charlotte and talks with her over the merchandise, which was planned so that she would bring them back to [[Fontaine]] and grow an interest in his product. As the Lantern Rite commences, Tak watches his son perform a spectacular wushou dance and later informs him that he no longer opposes his decision to be a professional dancer, causing Gaming to hug him in response.<ref name="glede returns">{{Ref/Quest|The Glede Returns to the Pavilion (Quest)}}</ref>

By Gaming's [[Birthday/Gaming|birthday]] almost a year later, it appears that Gaming lives with his father in the village. Tak took Gaming out with him to the market on the morning of his birthday to buy all the ingredients for a hotpot feast. Gaming notes that Tak is an excellent cook.

The next Lantern Rite, Tak invited Gaming over to attend the local festivities with his family after he finished his work with the [[Feiyun Commerce Guild]].<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Funeral Parlor Has No Master, Yujing Terrace Calls the Troops}}</ref>
<!--
===Appearance===
Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.
''(To be added.)''
-->

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yip Tak
|zhs     = 叶德
|zhs_rm  = Yè Dé
|zht     = 葉德
|zht_rm  = Yè Dé
|ja      = 葉徳
|ja_rm   = You Toku<ref name="glede returns" />
|ko      = 예덕
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Yip Tak
|fr      = Yip Tak
|ru      = Ип Так
|th      = Yip Tak
|vi      = Yip Tak
|de      = Yip Tak
|id      = Yip Tak
|pt      = Yip Tak
|tr      = Yip Tak
|it      = Yip Tak
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.4}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Yip Tak]]