{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|region           = Inazuma
|deceased         = 
|group            = Tengu
}}
{{Lang|'''Yoichi'''|ja=与一|ja_rm=Yoichi}} is a [[tengu]] who lives in Toki Alley in [[Hanamizaka]].

==Story==
Within the book [[Toki Alley Tales]], the tale of Yoichi is recorded by a [[tanuki]]. Yoichi is a rambunctious Tengu who often forgets to compose herself while in the company of humans. She often gets drunk off of poor quality alcohol, and makes scenes such as walking onto a stage mid-performance and fighting the lead actor. Because of her senior status among the [[youkai]] and her extensive connections among humans she doesn't face punishment for any of her chaotic deeds.

During a drunken night, Yoichi regales the tanuki with stories of her battles in other worlds. In one world, she had served under a shogun in the form of a male archer. He was fierce in battle with his bow, taking down many fierce opponents. In his most renowned battle the tengu had between straits. The sea turned red from all the blood shed. Eventually, the rival sent out a small boat with one lone figure and a flagpole with a golden paper fan. Yoichi in his drunken rage at the obvious provocation, shot an arrow at the golden fan. The shogun shouted while the army cheered. Using the cheering as a distraction the tengu flew to the boat and snatched the golden fan and the woman. He then pushed over the loud-mouthed shogun before being scratched to pieces by the woman who turned out to be a bakeneko. Yoichi then brought the neko to the world they now resided in.

The bakeneko, Osen, tels a very different version of the story. Osen had been sent by her own shogun into a boat where she transformed into a young woman. She claims that Yoichi was so drunk that when he shot many times in an attempt to shoot the golden fan, he missed every shot. To save him embarrassment she swiftly took down the golden fan. He then spread his wings and soared into the air toward Osen and fell into the sea. Osen dragged Yoichi out of the sea and flew away laughing. Because of her uncontrollable laughing, Osen had scratched Yoichi. After this Yoichi brought Osen to their current world.<ref>{{Ref/Book|Toki Alley Tales|2}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Book|Toki Alley Tales|3}}</ref>

==Trivia==
* Yoichi is named after {{w|Nasu no Yoichi}}, and the story references his feat at {{w|Battle of Yashima}}.

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=2.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}