{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Yoimiya
|id             = 368135
|image          = Character Yoimiya Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Yoimiya''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Festivals...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's make some fireworks...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Interesting stories...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's have some fun...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Naganohara...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Hi there!
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Want to kill some time?
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hey, it's you, {{Traveler}}! How are you doing?
:{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If you want to pass the time, you can't go wrong hanging out with me.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Pretty good! I'm surprised how awesome your place is!
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' This is an adeptus relic from Liyue, right? It's incredible. I thought you were joking when you asked me to get into this pot.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I had no idea what to say, I didn't know if I should object or just follow along...
::{{DIcon}} What was your objection going to be?
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 04a 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Something like, "Are you blind? I can't squeeze into that!"
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 04a 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Haha, Paimon told me that she had the same reaction when she first saw the pot.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 04a 3.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If she couldn't get in, there would be no chance for me.
::{{DIcon}} What would you have said to humor me?
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 04b 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Like, "Let me send over 'Tarou the Goldfish,' the most trusty fish in my aquarium, to accompany you!"
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 04b 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'm sure it'll be able to get in. It's a goldfish after all.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Who would have thought that a little push from you, and poof &mdash; we're in here!
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' A wide open view, fresh air... It's such a nice place!
::{{DIcon}} I'm glad you like it.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Of course I like it. I could easily live here forever.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' *sigh* Maybe I can open a second "Naganohara" here?
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You can invite all of your friends to see the fireworks. Consider it a gift from me to you!
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Do you want to chat?
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sure, you know I love to talk. Let me think, is there anything interesting going on these days...
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ah, right. You've got such a large piece of paradise here. Do you have any plans for it, you know, besides just living here?
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Ever thought about building a parlor or a show room? Or maybe a training ground?
::{{DIcon}} I'd love to do some business like you.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 04a 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wha&mdash;? There might have been a slight misunderstanding, you see, my family's business is not the usual kind of business.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 04a 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I know merchants in Liyue are really good at making Mora, they're experts at landing deals both big and small.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 04a 3.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' However, our family's customers are mostly regulars, so we put most of our focus on those relationships.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 04a 4.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' My pops and I, we mainly do business so that we won't let everyone down.
::{{DIcon}} I want to build a garden.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 04b 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wow, good idea! That sounds really interesting. I want to help.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 04b 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' If you need anything, just tell me. If it can be found in Inazuma, I can get it for you.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 04b 3.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Thanks to the family business, I've got tons of connections. Haha!
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 04b 4.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Well, I guess I can't get you the stars, or the moon. But pretty much anything else.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Anyway, when it's finished, let me know. I'll set off some fireworks to celebrate.
::{{DIcon}} What would you build if you were me?
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Me?... Hehe, I'd build a playground!
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 07.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' With toys everywhere! They'd be flashing, moving, and spinning. Also, tasty snacks for whenever I'm hungry!
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Living in a world like that would be a dream come true!
::{{DIcon}} I'll think about it.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' No, no. No need to seriously consider it. It's just a little fantasy of mine.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But... I'm happy to hear you say that.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship2 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' A playground... Ahh, how wonderful.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Anything you want to do?
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I want to know more about youuuu!
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I've heard people everywhere tell tales of your heroics, and I've seen it first-hand adventuring with you.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But the more I learn, the more curious I become &mdash; what makes you so special?
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' There is always a reason for everything. For example, I like to talk because when I was a kid, Pops really seemed to enjoy listening to me.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I like fireworks because creating incredible fireworks makes me feel so proud of my work.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So what's there for you?
::{{DIcon}} There is someone I want to see.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07a 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So that's what drives you.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07a 2a.ogg}}<!--{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07a 2b.ogg}}--> '''Yoimiya:''' And you don't want your reunion to be a disappointing one, do you?
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07a 3.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wow, I'm really impressed. Honestly, I envy you!
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07a 4.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'll help you. No matter where it is, you must be reunited!
::{{DIcon}} There are people I want to help.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07b 1.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' So that's what motivates you.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07b 2.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You don't want to see anyone suffer.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07b 3.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' You are like a storybook hero, so awesome.
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07b 4.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hmm, that means I'm friends with a hero, doesn't it?
:::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 07b 5.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'll support you with all I've got, so go ahead and write the rest of your story!
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, sorry, I'm getting too excited.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' But I've decided, I want to retrace your path!
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Starting from Mondstadt, to Liyue, and then to Inazuma... I will go see the sights you've seen and meet the people you've come across.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' That's what one has to do if they want to get to know someone completely!
::{{DIcon}} Isn't that a bit much?
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Sorry, I don't mean to put any pressure on you. I was just, well... how should I put it? Simply, I...
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I want to know more about youuuu!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Yoimiya.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Morning, {{Traveler}}
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' What a nice day! Let's go have some fun!
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Yoimiya.
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Hehe, night. Sweet dreams, {{Traveler}}
::{{A|vo yoimiya mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I hope you dream about my fireworks.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Sakura-Hued Street===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yoimiya shoppingarcade 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Yes! This is the kind of atmosphere I live for, I absolutely love it!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yoimiya shoppingarcade 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' I'm super impressed, it's pretty amazing that you managed to do this place up like a shopping street. Is there a Naganohara Fireworks here, too? I wanna go find it!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yoimiya shoppingarcade 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Come on, come with me! After all the effort you've put into this place, we should have some fun here!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Wakeful Spring===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yoimiya hotspring 01.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Wow, is that an open-air hot spring I see? Amazing~!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yoimiya hotspring 02.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' There's no better feeling than jumping into a hot spring when you're done with work for the day!
:{{A|vo mimitomo dq yoimiya hotspring 03.ogg}} '''Yoimiya:''' Do you wanna join me? Relaxing in a hot spring, chatting away, ahh, it's one of the greatest feelings!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.0}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Yoimiya/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Yoimiya/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Yoimiya/Compagnia]]
[[ja:宵宮/仲間]]
[[ru:Ёимия/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Yoimiya/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Yoimiya/Bạn Đồng Hành]]