{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Younan.png
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Inazuma<!-- Where the character appears, if different from Region -->
|affiliation      = The Eremites
}}
'''Younan''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in ''[[Warrior's Spirit]]''.
<!--
==Location==
{{subst:#tag:gallery|
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}}.png{{subst:!}}{{subst:PAGENAME}}'s location
NPC Location {{subst:PAGENAME}} Context.png{{subst:!}}Additional context
}}
-->
==Profile==
<!--Detailed story/lore information goes here.-->
''(To be added.)''

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
<!--Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each.-->
Younan takes on the appearance of an [[Eremite Stone Enchanter]].

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Dialogue==
===Dialogue Set #1===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing [[Unexpected Battle]])
:'''Younan:''' Hmm? Are you one of the contestants on Warrior's Spirit?
:{{DIcon}} You're from Sumeru?
:'''Younan:''' Yes. Us Eremites are tasked with ensuring safe passage of goods from Inazuma to Sumeru, which is why we often come to Ritou.
:'''Younan:''' You can sign up for this Warrior's Spirit contest as long as you have a weapon for close-quarters combat. How could I say no?
:'''Younan:''' Hah, not that I'm bragging, but my brothers at Port Ormos are famous for their martial prowess, and I'm the best out of them all!
:'''Younan:''' It seems that you know your way around a sword, {{MC|m=young man|f=young lady}}, but you do look a little... frail. If we see each other on the field, don't blame me for not going easy, haha!
{{Dialogue end}}

===Dialogue Set #2===
{{Dialogue start}}
;(After completing [[Warrior's Spirit#III: Younan|Duel: Younan]])
:'''Younan:''' Oh, it's you! I didn't think I would lose to a {{MC|m=young man|f=young woman}} with scrawny arms and legs! But you're a real fighter, so it was an honorable loss, haha!
:{{DIcon}} Will you stick around in Inazuma?
:'''Younan:''' What? Just because I lost doesn't mean I can't stay here! ...Well, to tell you the truth, I've been waiting these last two days for the next cargo ship that my brothers are on to come and take me home.
:'''Younan:''' If I'd known I would be out in the third round, I wouldn't have asked for so many days off, and not made any money. Fortunately, I won two games before, and I still have a few pennies left after I got the money to last me the next few days.
{{Dialogue end}}
<!--
==Trivia==
* 
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Younan
|zhs     = 尤南
|zhs_rm  = Yóunán
|zht     = 尤南
|zht_rm  = Yóunán
|ja      = ユナン
|ja_rm   = Yunan
|ko      = 유난
|es      = Younan
|fr      = Younan
|ru      = Ю Нань
|th      = Younan
|vi      = Younan
|de      = Younan
|id      = Younan
|pt      = Younan
|tr      = Younan
|it      = Younan
|ru_note = Transliteration is wrong in the Russian localization, it's supposed to be "Юнан" (''Yunan'').
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.4}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->

[[pt-br:Younan]]