{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Yuan Qing.png
|region           = Liyue
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|father           = Yuan Hong
|sibling          = Yuan Cheng
|sibling2         = Yuan Liang
}}
'''Yuan Qing''' is quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the [[World Quest]] ''[[The Tree who Stands Alone]].''

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
Yuan Qing is one of the sons of the old [[Mingyun Village]] mine owner, [[Yuan Hong]]. Upon reading their weak father's last will, he and his brothers, [[Yuan Cheng|Cheng]] and [[Yuan Liang|Liang]], set off to the mines in search of their father's treasure.

Unfortunately, the brothers misinterpreted their father's words believing that a real treasure exists. Each set-off to a different mine believing they've outsmarted the other and will have their father's entire fortune. However, what Hong wanted for his sons was to be united even after his death as their bond as brothers is a great treasure. In one of these mines, Qing was surrounded by monster's and met his end.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Yuan Qing is a tall man of slim build with short black hair. At the time of his death, he was wearing loose beige pants, a brown tee and a light brown vest on top. He was also wearing dark brown shoes. He appears as a ghost.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yuan Qing
|zhs     = 元青
|zhs_rm  = Yuán Qīng
|zht     = 元青
|zht_rm  = Yuán Qīng
|ja      = 元青
|ja_rm   = Gen Sei{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 원청
|ko_rm   = Woncheong
|es      = Yuan Ching
|fr      = Yuan Qing
|ru      = Юань Цин
|th      = Yuan Qing
|vi      = Yuanqing
|de      = Yuan Qing
|id      = Yuan Qing
|pt      = Yuanqing
|tr      = Yuan Qing
|it      = Yuan Qing
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}