{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Yuan Cheng.png
|region           = Liyue
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|father           = Yuan Hong
|sibling          = Yuan Liang
|sibling2         = Yuan Qing
}}
'''Yuan Cheng''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] that appears in the [[World Quest]] ''[[The Tree who Stands Alone]].''

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
Yuan Cheng is the youngest son of the old [[Mingyun Village]] mine owner, [[Yuan Hong]]. Upon reading their weak father's last will, he and his brothers, [[Yuan Liang|Liang]] and [[Yuan Qing|Qing]], set off to the mines in search of their father's treasure.

Unfortunately, the brothers misinterpreted their father's words believing that a real treasure exists. Each set-off to a different mine believing they've outsmarted the other and will have their father's entire fortune. However, what Hong wanted for his sons was to be united even after his death as their bond as brothers is a great treasure. If there is any physical treasure, it's the tree they've planted as a family in the past that the Hong was hoping to spend time together with. In one of these mines, Qing was surrounded by monster's and met his end.

===Personality===
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Yuan Cheng is a muscular man with short black hair. At the time of his death, he was wearing loose brown pants, a brown tee, and a beige vest on top. He was also wearing bandages on both his ankles and dark brown shoes. He appears as a ghost.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yuan Cheng
|zhs     = 元成
|zhs_rm  = Yuán Chéng
|zht     = 元成
|zht_rm  = Yuán Chéng
|ja      = 元成
|ja_rm   = Gen Jou{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 원성
|ko_rm   = Wonseong
|es      = Yuan Cheng
|fr      = Yuan Cheng
|ru      = Юань Чэн
|th      = Yuan Cheng
|vi      = Yuan Cheng
|de      = Yuan Cheng
|id      = Yuancheng
|pt      = Yuancheng
|tr      = Yuan Cheng
|it      = Yuan Cheng
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}