{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|image            = NPC Yuan Hong.png
|type             = Quest NPC
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Liyue
|location         = Liyue
|child            = Yuan Cheng
|child2           = Yuan Liang
|child3           = Yuan Qing
}}
{{Lang|'''Yuan Hong'''|zh=元鸿|zh_rm=Yuán Hóng}} is an [[NPC]] in [[Mingyun Village]], [[Liyue]]. He can be seen before and during the {{Quest|The Tree who Stands Alone}}. When the quest is over, he will disappear from the overworld.

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
Yuan Hong is the father of three deceased sons: [[Yuan Cheng]], [[Yuan Qing]], and [[Yuan Liang]]. He planted a tree and left behind a will for his sons in the hopes that they would understand it, but each one mistakenly believes that there was real treasure hidden in the mines and left soon after, leaving him disappointed. When the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] arrives at the village, they ran into his [[ghost]], who remarked about the treasure. The Traveler manages to locate the wills and the tree that Hong had written in his will. A group of [[Treasure Hoarders]] had also taken interest in the will, also believing that it led to treasure.

Once the Treasure Hoarders were driven off, the Traveler discovered Hong's "treasure" and the family "reunited". The sons lament over their fall over the treasure, while Hong is disappointed that they believed the "treasure" was in the mines. He reveals that every year when he was alive, he would come to the tree and place some items in the chest, hoping that when they discovered it, would celebrate, revealing that the main "treasure" was their family bond, after which the four disappeared.
===Appearance===
Yuan Hong is an elderly bald man with a slim build. He appears as a ghost. During the {{Quest|The Tree who Stands Alone}}, he can be seen wearing some old clothes.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yuan Hong
|zhs     = 元鸿
|zhs_rm  = Yuán Hóng
|zht     = 元鴻
|zht_rm  = Yuán Hóng
|ja      = 元鴻
|ja_rm   = Gen Kou{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 원홍
|ko_rm   = Won Hong
|es      = Yuan Hong
|fr      = Yuan Hong
|ru      = Юань Хун
|th      = Yuan Hong
|vi      = Yuan Hong
|de      = Yuan Hong
|id      = Yuan Hong
|pt      = Yuanhong
|tr      = Yuan Hong
|it      = Yuan Hong
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.0}}

[[pt-br:Yuanhong]]