{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Stub|Quotes, voicelines}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Yumemizuki Mizuki
|id             = 368195
|image          = Yumemizuki Mizuki Icon.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1600
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Yumemizuki Mizuki''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the {{Quest|Idle Teapot Talk}}.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favors Table}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{DIcon|Idle}} ...

;(When the player is nearby)
:{{DIcon|Idle}} ...
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Comfortable, yet elegant. Cozy, yet full of life... You managed to achieve a wonderful balance in this space. You must have put a lot of thought into it.
:{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Perhaps... it's a style all your own.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I love it! It feels... just like home.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I've spent quite a bit of time in other nations, so I'm used to many different aesthetics.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' But, that's not why this place feels so comforting...
::{{DIcon}} Oh? Then what is it about this place?
::{{DIcon}} So, it's not about how this place looks...
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Perhaps you haven't noticed...
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' But, as a well-traveled individual, your wealth of diverse experiences have subconsciously shaped your idea of "home."
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As you decorated this space, those subconscious ideas likely guided your decisions... Almost like a form of "inspiration," if you will.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Similarly, another area influenced by our subconscious... is the wondrous and mystifying realm of our dreams.
::{{DIcon}} I think... I get it?
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 08a 1.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Oho, that was fast. So, what is your interpretation?
:::{{DIcon}} The Realm Within is a kind of dream?
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 08a 2.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Close! But not quite.
::{{DIcon}} I'm... super lost...
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 08b.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' It's a bit complicated. We don't need to get into the theory behind it.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 09.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Simply put, to a certain extent, this place is a reflection of your hopes and desires... And, things we wish for are very likely to appear in our dreams.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 10.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So, in that sense, this place is like a preview of your dreams &mdash; an area that is very familiar to me, of course.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship1 11.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' If I analyze this place, I bet I could even learn a little secret or two...
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Of course! Any time, anywhere, any place! For however long you like...
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I'm always happy to lend an ear!
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Although, there is something I wanted to ask, now that I've seen this masterpiece...
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' As you get further on your journey... Will you change the look of this place?
::{{DIcon}} Change the look of this place?
::{{DIcon}} By that, you mean...
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Well, let's say you make your way to... Snezhnaya, and the aesthetic catches your eye. Would you try to recreate it here?
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Or, say that you make a new friend. Would you decorate a portion of this Realm to make them feel at home?
::{{DIcon}} I think... I would.
:::{{DIcon}} I do like to introduce new things from my journey...
:::{{DIcon}} And, I want to be considerate to every new friend I make.
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 07a 1.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I see. That makes a lot of sense...
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 07a 2.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Then, I suppose... there could be a few surprises in store one day. I'll look forward to it.
::{{DIcon}} Hmm... I don't think there's really a need?
:::{{DIcon}} This is a place of freedom and relaxation.
:::{{DIcon}} As long as everyone feels comfortable, there's no need to change things.
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 07b 1.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You've got a point. There's a lesson in there somewhere... Don't get hung up on the little things. It can be much easier to relax that way...
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship2 07b 2.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You have a knack for putting people at ease, and the way you designed this place reflects that... It's wonderful to be here.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Well, in my free time, I like to clear my mind and listen to the lyre or the ukulele.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Even solo, the sound is almost dreamlike in its beauty, so pure and sweet...
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Some emerging styles even incorporate drums or other stringed instruments to add a stronger beat and a more robust sound.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' In comparison, that kind of music is more like a gripping, vibrant dream, full of energy and passion... Listening to it can feel so intense, it can tire you out or even make you dizzy.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I'm not sure if I'm sensitive to music in general, or if I like music because, like dreams, it's full of different genres, flavors, and emotions...
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Whatever the answer, I think it's important to be introspective about these things.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Anyway, I never found the time to pick up an instrument myself... Are you a musician by any chance?
::{{DIcon}} Of course! Quite a talented one at that!
:::{{DIcon}} I can teach you if you want!
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 08a 1.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I should have known... You remind me of a bard sometimes, you know. There's a certain musical cadence to the way you speak...
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 08a 2.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I'm sure taking lessons from you would be quite a therapeutic process...
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 08a 3.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' I think I'll take you up on that offer... Maestro.
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 08a 4.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Please be patient with me if I'm a slow learner.
::{{DIcon}} I'm not very good. Maybe we could learn together!
:::{{DIcon}} I have a few ideas of where to start...
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 08b 1.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Sounds good! I'll leave it to you, then.
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 08b 2.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Learning something new with a friend will be an experience to remember! The sooner we learn, the sooner we can start playing our favorite songs...
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 08b 3.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' If we perform together, I bet we could produce something with a whole new kind of "flavor"... I'm looking forward to it!
:::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo friendship3 08b 4.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Here's to our musical journey, fellow student!
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Mizuki.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Ah, seems like you're full of energy this morning! I feel more awake just talking to you.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Mizuki.
::{{A|vo mizuki mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Sweet dreams, {{Traveler}}! Have a good night.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Wakeful Spring===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' Oh, wow... Looks like you're already an expert on Inazuman open-air hot springs.
:'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' The temperature of the water, the shape of the stone statues, the trees and flowers around the pool, even the placement of the folding screens... Everything is just perfect.
:'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You might consider becoming a stakeholder in Aisa Bathhouse... If you choose to invest, we could be business partners!
{{Dialogue End}}

===Of Maple and Tea Scents Entwined===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' A quiet teahouse is the perfect place to unwind... Of course, I'm referring to a quiet ambiance rather than complete silence. Gentle, soothing music played at just the right volume can do wonders for the spirit.
:'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' You know, this is an excellent place for "guided meditation." That's a conventional treatment in my line of work...
:'''Yumemizuki Mizuki:''' So, here, take a seat. Let go of your troubles, and I will help you relax.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|5.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[fr:Yumemizuki Mizuki/Sérénithéière]]
[[ru:Мидзуки/Компаньон]]
[[vi:Yumemizuki Mizuki/Bạn Đồng Hành]]