{{Terminology Infobox
|title        = 
|image        = 
|type         = Families
|type2        = Liyue Clans
}}
The {{Lang|'''Yun family''' or '''house of Yun'''|zh=云氏 ''Yún-shì'', 云家 ''Yún-jiā''}} was a notable family in Liyue which ran a family forge five hundred years ago, collaborating with [[Han Wu]] of the [[Han Family]] to create the [[Prototype Series]] weapons.<ref> [[Prototype Archaic#Lore|Prototype Archaic]] weapon description</ref>

Over the centuries, however, the family would shift focus from weaponsmithing to the performing arts, and by [[Yun Jin]]'s generation, few of its members still practice forging.<ref name="LL">{{Ref/CS|Yun Jin|Longevity Lock}}</ref>

==History==
===Origins===
Little is currently known about the Yun family's origins, but its two named members who lived during the [[Timeline#500|cataclysm]] were the family's seventh and eighth family heads,<ref name="BW">{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Warbow}}</ref> and the family forge had been in operation for hundreds of years at this point.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Warbow|note=Chinese|quote={{Lang|mini=1|zh=云凰辗转难眠，恐怕云家百年有余的锻兵传承要在她手中断绝。|zh_tl=Yun Huang tossed and turned, unable to sleep, afraid that the Yun family legacy which had persisted for hundreds of years would end with her.}}}}</ref>

It appears every generation of the Yun family practiced martial arts, with polearms and bows among their known specialties.<ref name="BW" /><ref name="PS">{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Starglitter}}</ref>

A certain generation of the Yun family came to possess the [[Eye of Perception]], an item that originated from the [[adepti]], after it landed in Liyue's marketplace through unknown means. Its owner encountered an exorcist named Huang, who sought the guidance of the adepti, and gifted it to him.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Eye of Perception}}</ref>

===Post-Cataclysm===
When the monster threat was resolved, a martial arts renaissance began, which caused a lot of demand for weaponry that manufacturers couldn't keep up with. To solve the issue, [[Yun Hui]], the head of the Yun family at the time, approached the master craftsman [[Han Wu]] in order to revolutionize their craft. The two conducted extensive research and Han Wu used that research to draw up the [[Prototype Series|prototype designs]].<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Rancour}}</ref> Initially this only included a longsword, a greatsword and a polearm. When the polearm was made, Yun Hui dedicated it to his father because the tip glowed like a star.<ref name="PS" /> Yun Hui personally requested a bow be added to the prototypes, so Han Wu gathered a large variety of resources to experiment with and made a bow for the series.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Crescent}}</ref> Some time afterward the thaumaturges came to Yun Hui asking him to make a new kind of catalyst. He agreed and alongside Han Wu used the Cor Purum they gave him to make a catalyst and named it 'Prototype Amber', adding it to the prototype series.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Prototype Amber}}</ref>

After some time, Yun Hui became one of the [[Liyue Qixing]], stepping down as head of the family. In accordance to the family custom, his only child, a daughter named [[Yun Huang]], would marry and have her husband become the head of the house. Huang, as a headstrong martial artist ever since childhood, refused that option and took over the family's business operations herself. But unfortunately for her, she took over during a time when the land was plagued by earthquakes, threatening her business if she can't reliably get ore. As she was worrying, [[Han Ce]] visits her and shows her his father's added notes on the prototype designs, promising that the problem will be resolved via blackcliff.<ref name="BW" />

Sometime later, a thaumaturge visited Yun Huang, and after she sent for Han Ce the thaumaturge gave them a piece of crimson Cor Purum in order to help Liyue through this time of rampant earthquakes. They made a catalyst using this Cor Purum and used it as an indicator of tectonic activity so that people knew when it was safe to go into the mines.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Agate}}</ref>

===Present===
Generations later, the Yun Family has changed its focus to Liyue Opera and has maintained the [[Yun-Han Opera Troupe]] since at least [[Yun Jin]]'s grandfather's generation.<ref name="LL"/><ref>{{Ref/CS|Yun Jin|3}}</ref>

==Known Members==
===Roughly 500 years ago===
* Yun Hui's unnamed father, possibly named Yun Xing<ref name="PS" /><ref group="Note">In [[Prototype Starglitter]]'s original Chinese description, it says that Yun Hui's father's name contained the character {{Lang|mini=1|zh=星|zh_rm=Xīng|zh_tl=Star}}. It is unclear whether his father's given name contained one character or two, but based on the other known members of the Yun Family who all had single-character given names, it is possible that his name was Yun Xing.</ref> - Sixth family head
** [[Yun Hui]] - Seventh family head
*** [[Yun Huang]] - Eighth family head
===Present===
* [[Yun Jin]]<ref name="LL"/>

==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = House of Yun<!--also "Yun Family"-->
|zhs      = 云家<!--also 云氏-->
|zhs_rm   = Yún-jiā
|zht      = 雲家<!--also 雲氏-->
|zht_rm   = Yún-jiā
|zh_tl    = Yun Family
|ja       = 雲家<!--also 雲氏-->
|ja_rm    = Un-ke<ref>{{Ref/Quest|The Stars Inscribe the Year's Wishes|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ja_tl    = Yun Family
|ko       = {{tt|운|雲}} {{tt|씨|氏}} {{tt|가문|家門}}<!--also 운 씨, 운 씨 집안-->
|ko_rm    = Un-ssi Gamun
|ko_tl    = Yun-Surname Family
|es       = Familia Yun
|es_tl    = Yun Family
|fr       = Clan Yun<!--also "Famille Yun"-->
|fr_tl    = Yun Clan
|ru       = Клан Юнь<!--also Род Юнь, Семья Юнь-->
|ru_tl    = Yun Clan
|th       = ตระกูล Yun
|th_rm    = Trakun Yun
|th_tl    = Yun Family
|vi       = {{tt|Gia Tộc|家族}} Yun<!--also "Nhà Họ Yun", "Đại Tộc Yun"-->
|vi_tl    = Yun Clan
|de       = Familie Yun<!--also "Haus Yun", "Yun-Klan"-->
|de_tl    = Yun Family
|id       = Keluarga Yun
|id_tl    = Yun Family
|pt       = Casa de Yun<!--also "Família Yun"-->
|pt_tl    = House of Yun
|tr       = 
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = 
|it_tl    = 
}}

==References==
{{Reflist|2}}

[[pt-br:Família Yun]]