{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Yun Jin
|id             = 368146
|image          = Character Yun Jin Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|quality        = 4
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Yun Jin''' can be invited as a Companion into the player's [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining her and completing the World Quest ''[[Idle Teapot Talk]]''.

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A new script...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} I'd like something to drink...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Let's warm up a bit...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} The troupe...
: {{DIcon|Idle}} Stage make-up...

;(When the player is nearby)
: {{DIcon|Idle}} A song and some tea?
: {{DIcon|Idle}} You're here!
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ah, you've arrived. {{Traveler}}. I couldn't help but notice how busy you are these days...
:{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' If you could manage to find the time to sit and enjoy an opera together or share a pot of tea... Taking a moment to slow down and enjoy the finer things in life is always beneficial to your body and soul.
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, you needn't worry. Everything here seems to be in good order, not to mention the delightful scenery. I think I will have no issue residing in such a pleasant place.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I have a habit of going to an open space every morning to rehearse my voice.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 15.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It can be difficult to find a suitable place where my singing won't disturb anyone in Liyue Harbor, but here that is not a problem at all.
::{{DIcon}} "Rehearse your voice"? Every day?
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 03a 1.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes. Why, that's a fundamental part of anyone's routine in my profession.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 03a 2.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' If you skip a day, only you will know. But if you skip three days, the whole audience will know. A master never forgets the fundamentals of practicing.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 03a 3.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' *sigh* Alright, I can see it written on your face already, "That sounds exhausting"... As a matter of fact, I don't feel that way at all, quite the opposite, really.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 03a 4.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' To fully deliver the elegance of Liyue opera to the audience, we must strive for excellence, properly performing every subtlety in the story.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 03a 5.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' To be completely honest, I find great enjoyment in my hours of practice.
::{{DIcon}} Shall I accompany you while you rehearse?
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 03b 1.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Haha, how kind. I do appreciate your courtesy.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 03b 2.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' However, in my practice routine, I tend to go over my whole repertoire, both singing and reciting... I may suddenly be acting dreadfully mournful one moment, and then practicing a hysterical laugh the next... I fear such a kaleidoscope of outright emotion may scare you.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 03b 3.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I would much prefer to offer you a complete and fully prepared opera instead.
::{{DIcon}} I understand.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship1 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Great. Thank you for your kind understanding.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, that would be perfect. I've been meaning to ask for your guidance on many things.
::{{DIcon}} You're so modest, Yun Jin.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It's just that you've traveled extensively... you have much experience for me to draw upon.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I must respect you if I wish to gain from your experience.
::{{DIcon}} You're so formal sometimes, Yun Jin.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Haha, is this humor of yours also something that you've acquired throughout your travels?
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Then I won't beat around the bush.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ahem, to be completely honest... There are times I have considered giving up the opera and taking time to travel around faraway nations. But things are always busy in the troupe and I've just never found the right opportunity.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' After traveling to so many places, I'm sure that you've learned many different customs. Would you mind sharing some with me?
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' For example, the swordplay of the Knights in Mondstadt, what's that like? Does it differ from that of the martial artists we see in Liyue?
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I've also heard that the swords produced in Inazuma can cut through nearly anything... How do they forge such sharp swords?
::{{DIcon}} The knights of Mondstadt are masters of Favonius Bladework.
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 07a.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' A fighting style that flows like the wind? I wonder, are they capable of even manipulating the wind in combat?
::{{DIcon}} The smithies in Inazuma forge their blades from Jade Steel...
:::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 07b.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Oh, that must be a very special material, then... It's no wonder that the people of Inazuma are reputedly confident in their craftsmanship.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I want to hear all that you have to say! It truly is fascinating.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I'll be sure to prepare some more questions for the next time we talk.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship2 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Of course, I'll be sure to make our conversations worth your time as well. I will prepare an appropriate gift for you as thanks for answering my questions.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, now that you mention it... there is one thing I have been meaning to do.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' When I was a child, my father often told me legends of the adepti. I remember that one legend in particular made mention of an adeptus's abode in Jueyun Karst.
::{{DIcon}} An adeptus's abode?
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, that's right. The legend had it that adepti could drift upon beams of light, ride lightning, and leap into the sky to ascend to their abode.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' "From their lofty dwelling, they gaze to and fro. Drifting over land and sea, they know not the world below."
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' My father would have a mesmerized look on his face whenever we got to that part of the story.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' But though the story has been passed down all these years, no one has yet to ever see such an abode...
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' It has always been my dream to go and see such a place one day.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I would even like to perform an opera there, letting adepti and people alike hear my voice echoing through the lands.
::{{DIcon}} I think I know of a place like the one you've described.
::{{DIcon}} We could just go to Qingyun Peak...
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' No... Really?
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Ahem... I mean... I know that your words are sincere, it's just that you answered so quickly, and I haven't even decided what opera to perform or what costume to prepare...
::{{DIcon}} Take your time to think it over.
::{{DIcon}} I'll take you there once you've made up your mind.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Thank you very much! That's most kind of you.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' ...
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Alright, I have some ideas. I think for the performance, I will sing a selection about you and your dealings with the adepti...
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' As for the costume, I was hoping you could give me some creative input.
::{{DIcon}} You have a deal!
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo friendship3 16.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Alright, it's settled. I'll start practicing today... Actually, why not start right away &mdash; no time like the present! I must make sure this performance turns out perfect.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Yun Jin.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Good morning. Will you be departing for adventures in a distant land today?
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo morning 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Let's just hope that the weather will hold up with no rain or storms, and that you can go speedily about your way.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Yun Jin.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Yes, good night, {{Traveler}}! It is good to turn in early from time to time.
::{{A|vo yunjin mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' The night markets are always worth a visit though, perhaps we can save that for tomorrow.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Glittering Street===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md yunjin store 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' I always love to take a stroll around the night market after a performance.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md yunjin store 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' This street has a striking resemblance to those back in Liyue. It really feels just like being there.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md yunjin store 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Let's take a stroll around here tonight, then. What do you say?
{{Dialogue End}}

===Feiyun Study Room===
{{Dialogue Start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo md yunjin study 01.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Hmm, would you look at that... the name of this room is the "Feiyun Study Room."
:{{A|vo mimitomo md yunjin study 02.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Its name contains the word "yun," just like my own name... It looks like I have a special connection with this room.
:{{A|vo mimitomo md yunjin study 03.ogg}} '''Yun Jin:''' Haha, I'm kidding, of course. It is most definitely to my liking, though. Furnished with all the supplies one could possibly hope for in a study. I am truly grateful.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.4}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[es:Yun Jin/Acompañante]]
[[fr:Yun Jin/Sérénithéière]]
[[it:Yun Jin/Compagnia]]
[[ja:雲菫/仲間]]
[[ru:Юнь Цзинь/Компаньон]]
[[tr:Yun Jin/Konaklama]]
[[vi:Yun Jin/Bạn Đồng Hành]]