{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|deceased         = Past
|name             = Yun Huang
|affiliation      = Yun Family
|region           = Liyue
|ancestry         = Yun Family
|father           = Yun Hui
}}
{{Lang|'''Yun Huang'''|zh=云凰|zh_rm=Yún Huáng}} was the eighth head of the [[Yun Family]] who lived around 500 years ago. She was the only child of master weaponsmith [[Yun Hui]] and took over the family business after he became one of the [[Liyue Qixing]].<ref name="BCW">{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Warbow}}</ref>

Yun Huang and [[Han Ce]] are the main characters of the [[Blackcliff Series]] weapon descriptions.

==Story==
Yun Huang had been a headstrong martial artist since childhood; so when her father gave up his position as head of the Yun Family to take a position among the Qixing, instead of marrying and having her husband inherit the family business as per family tradition, Huang took the mantle herself.<ref name="BCW" />

However, right around that time, Liyue experienced a crisis: during an expedition to [[The Chasm]] to mine crystallized blackcliff, master weaponsmith [[Han Wu]] of the [[Han Family]], who worked closely with Yun Hui to create the [[Prototype Series]], was involved in a cave-in.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Longsword}}</ref> Sometime after Han Wu and the survivors managed to escape, massive earthquakes disrupted the land, forcing the mines to close for the workers' safety.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Slasher}}</ref> The Yun Family, which relied on the mines, struggled to stay afloat and Huang began to fear that her family's legacy would end with her.

Shortly after Huang prayed for a miracle, Han Ce &mdash; Han Wu's son &mdash; appeared before with the newly crafted [[Blackcliff Warbow]], knowing Huang specialized in archery. After testing it, she realized it was the breakthrough she had prayed for.

Sometime afterwards, an unnamed thaumaturge traveled to [[Qingce Village]] where Huang lived, seeking Huang and Ce. He presented them with a piece of Cor Purum, a gift from the thaumaturges of Liyue to repay them for their fathers' work on [[Prototype Amber]]. The two took the stone and created [[Blackcliff Agate]], which held the power to detect tectonic movement via ley lines.<ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Blackcliff Agate}}</ref>

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yun Huang
|zhs     = 云凰
|zhs_rm  = Yún Huáng
|zht     = 雲凰
|zht_rm  = Yún Huáng
|ja      = 雲凰
|ja_rm   = Un Kou{{Assumed}}
|ko      = {{tt|운황|雲凰}}
|ko_rm   = Un Hwang
|es      = Yun Huang
|fr      = Phénix
|ru      = Юнь Хуан
|th      = Yun Huang
|vi      = Yun Huang
|de      = Yun Huang
|id      = Yun Huang
|pt      = Yun Huang
|tr      = 
|it      = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Yun Huang]]
[[pt-br:Yun Huang]]