{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = <!--NPC Yupanqui.png-->
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Natlan
|affiliation      = Scions of the Canopy
|title            = Firethief
|title2           = Fire-Bringer
|title3           = Malipo
|titleRef2        = <ref>{{Ref/Quest|Kinich's Deal (Quest)}}</ref>
|titleRef3        = <ref>{{Ref/Weapon|Earth Shaker}}</ref>
|ancestry         = Huitztlan
|child            = 
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Yupanqui''' is a historical character from [[Natlan]]'s [[Huitztlan]] tribe. He was one of the original companions of the first [[Pyro Archon|Pyro Archon,]] [[Xbalanque|Xbalanque,]] who helped overthrow the ancient [[Dragon|dragons]],<ref name="Earth Shaker" /> and later in life became one of the seven heroes who fought against the Sacred Lord, [[Och-Kan]].<ref name="Crownless" /> He ultimately met his end during the conflict, and likely bore the [[Ancient Name]] {{Ancient Name|MLP|'''Malipo'''|bearer=1}}.<ref group="Note">The words spoken to Yupanqui by the silent priest in [[Earth Shaker]]'s description closely match those spoken by [[Burkina]] and [[Kinich]] when describing their Ancient Name.</ref>

==Profile==
In his youth, Yupanqui was brave, reckless and boastful, roaming the woods and challenging passers-by to duels. One day, he encountered the companions of [[Xbalanque|a great warrior]], [[Och-Kan|a half-human hero]] and a taciturn archer; the half-human hero easily outwitted him, and his defeat amused the stern archer. Yupanqui then decided to join them in their journey. Even though his reckless and boisterous conducts caused troubles more than his contributions, landing him in great danger and annoying the quiet artisan [[Ixquieh]], they were willing to tolerate his youthful ignorance. He also lost one of his eyes in this journey.<ref name="Earth Shaker">{{Ref/Weapon|Earth Shaker}}</ref>

Yupanqui later worked as an ordnance officer for the Grand Alliance among the tribes, seeking peace between humans and [[Saurian]]s<ref name="Dark Fruit">{{Ref/Arti|Dark Fruit of Bright Flowers}}</ref> during a time when Saurians were subjugated<ref name="Attainment">{{Ref/Arti|Moment of Attainment}}</ref> and protecting them was condemned as a crime due to Yupanqui's old comrade the tyrant Och-Kan's hatred toward the dragons. He was the fourth to join the [[Scarlet-Eyed Youth]], having heard how the young man saved the Saurians. When the youth explained that the group needed someone intimately familiar with the city in order for their rebellion to be successful, Yupanqui brought up the [[Masterful Craftsman]]'s name, having heard of him through rumors.<ref name="Dark Fruit">{{Ref/Arti|Dark Fruit of Bright Flowers}}</ref> When it came time for the rebellion, Yupanqui used [[Earth Shaker|his sword]] to break the chains on his tribe's Saurian.<ref name="Attainment" />

In the battle against the tyrant Och-Kan, Yupanqui stole the [[Turnfire]] from him to turn the situation around. As he was leaving, he heard Och-Kan calling out to him from behind, and ultimately was burnt to death by the Turnfire.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|A Mysterious Visitor From Huitztlan}}</ref> However, he died satisfied that the rebellion would be able to create the new world that they had yearned for.<ref name="Crownless">{{Ref/Arti|Crownless Crown}}</ref> He was revered in the tales passed down among [[Scions of the Canopy|his tribe]] with the epithet '''Firethief'''.<ref name="Earth Shaker" />

===Appearance===
At some point, Yupanqui lost an eye.<ref name="Crownless" />
<!--
==Story==
''(To be added.)''
-->
==Character Mentions==
{{Character Mentions}}

== Notes ==
{{Reflist|note=1}}<!-- 
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Trivia==
===Etymology===
* {{w|Yupanqui}} is a name shared by several rulers of the Inca Empire, notably its founder {{w|Pachacuti Inca Yupanqui}} and {{w|Túpac Inca Yupanqui}}. Additionally, the empire's predecessor, the {{w|Kingdom of Cusco}}, also have figures bearing this name, such as {{w|Lloque Yupanqui}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Yupanqui
|zhs     = 尤潘基
|zhs_rm  = Yóupānjī
|zht     = 尤潘基
|zht_rm  = Yóupānjī
|ja      = ユパンキ
|ja_rm   = Yupanki
|ko      = 유팡키
|es      = Yupanqui
|fr      = Yupanqui
|ru      = Юпанки
|th      = Yupanqui
|vi      = Yupanqui
|de      = Yupanqui
|id      = Yupanqui
|pt      = Yupanqui
|tr      = Yupanqui
|it      = Yupanqui
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=4.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}
[[es:Yupanqui]]