{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info-->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Yusupov.png
|region           = Liyue
|region2          = Snezhnaya
|affiliation      = Fatui
|title            = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Yusupov''' is a quest-exclusive NPC who serves as the secondary antagonist of [[Umbrabilis Orchis Chapter]] Act I: ''[[Calculated Gambit]]''. He was a [[Snezhnaya]]n ambassador dispatched to [[Liyue]].

==Profile==
Yusupov secretly sought to expand the [[Fatui]]'s influence in Liyue by convincing [[Zhiyi]] to slowly poison [[Uncle Tian]], the current Tianshu of the [[Liyue Qixing]], and have Zhiyi appointed as his successor. This would give the Fatui a pawn inside the Qixing, with Yusupov exploiting Zhiyi's low self-esteem and his deed of poisoning his mentor as leverage against the man.

However, Yusupov failed to consider that he was not the only schemer around: [[Yelan]], who was in charge of appointing Uncle Tian's successor, realized the Fatui were behind Zhiyi's sudden rise in fame and announced Zhiyi's succession to bait Yusupov out. Zhiyi was also fully aware of what Yusupov was trying to do, and conspired with Yusupov's second-in-command, [[Theofan]], to eliminate the ambassador. During a celebratory banquet deep within [[Qingxu Pool]], Zhiyi poisoned Theofan with the same exact poison Yusupov had him use on Uncle Tian, planning cutting ties with the Fatui by killing the ambassador and destroying the evidence of their deal.

Before Zhiyi could leave, Yelan and the [[Millelith]] arrived to arrest him for his treachery and arrested Yusupov as well. While Yusupov's ultimate fate was left unaddressed, "Regrator" [[Pantalone]] intercepted Yelan's move in time to prevent Theofan from falling into her hands and becoming her pawn, indicating that Yusupov has been abandoned to his fate.

===Personality===
Yusupov is an opportunistic, but persuasive individual; he used Zhiyi's background and low self-esteem to gain leverage over the man. However, his overconfidence in his success led him to be blindsided when he was betrayed on two fronts, and failed to consider that someone would draw him out by pretending to play into his hands.

===Appearance===
Yusupov takes the appearance of a tall, middle-aged man with white hair and blue eyes. He wears the traditional Snezhnayan outfit consisting of a black shirt and green ascot alongside a pair of brown leather gloves and gray coat.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quest Appearances}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Yusupov
|zhs     = 尤苏波夫
|zhs_rm  = Yóusūbōfū
|zht     = 尤蘇波夫
|zht_rm  = Yóusūbōfū
|ja      = ユスポフ
|ja_rm   = Yusupofu
|ko      = 유수포프
|ko_rm   = Yusupopeu
|es      = Yusupov
|fr      = Yusupov
|ru      = Юсупов
|th      = Yusupov
|vi      = Yusupov
|de      = Yusupov
|id      = Yusupov
|pt      = Yusupov
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}
<!--
==References==
{{Reflist}}
-->