{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Zaha Hadi.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = Sumeru
|location         = Sumeru
|affiliation      = Kshahrewar
|title            = Kshahrewar Household Name

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = [[imdb:nm12733797|Gina Scarpa]]<ref name="Gina Scarpa">Twitter: [https://twitter.com/ginascarpa/status/1661373186125037570 EN VA Self Announcement] ([https://web.archive.org/web/20230708020436/https://twitter.com/ginascarpa/status/1661373186125037570 Archived])</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|dialoguereward   = 
}}
'''Zaha Hadi''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in {{Quest|Wondrous Times}}.

==Profile==
Zaha Hadi is a renowned architect and former [[Kshahrewar]] lecturer. She is a leading expert in formal garden design and published many works during her career, with Kaveh having learned a lot by studying her essays.

Among her students was [[Faranak]], mother of [[Kaveh]], although she was also familiar with [[Kaveh's Father]]. As well, upon meeting Kaveh in [[Bimarstan]], she comments on his personality and physical growth in ways that suggest she has known him since he was a child, with this likely implying that she remained Faranak's close friend and confidant even after she graduated from the [[Akademiya]] and started a family.

Now retired, she spends her time around the [[Bimarstan]] area and participates in a vegetable growing competition with other retirees such as [[Cyrus (Sumeru)|Cyrus]] out of boredom. Kaveh seeks her out during his Story Quest to learn more about his mother in hopes of finding the key to unlocking his mothers diary, and she shares several memories of Faranak and expresses her perspective on Faranak's relationship with Kaveh's father.

She also imparts wisdom on the struggles that Kshahrewar architects face in order to achieve their goals while sacrificing their own happiness.

At the end of their interaction, she also requests that Kaveh relax the formalities with her and offers to discuss architectural topics with Kaveh in the future.

===Appearance===
Zaha is a short-statued elderly woman with white hair and glasses.

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Trivia==
* [[Sir Arthur]] mentions her in one of his random dialogue options, saying that she will be showcasing an exhibition in Fontaine.
* Her name is a reference to the renowned British-Iraqi architect, {{w|Zaha Hadid}}.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Zaha Hadi
|zhs     = 萨赫哈蒂
|zhs_rm  = Sàhèhādì
|zht     = 薩赫哈蒂
|zht_rm  = Sàhèhādì
|ja      = ザハハディ
|ja_rm   = Zaha Hadi
|ko      = 자하 하디
|ko_rm   = 
|es      = Zana Hadi
|fr      = Zaha Hadi
|ru      = Заха Хади
|th      = Zaha Hadi
|vi      = Zaha Hadi
|de      = Zaha Hadi
|id      = Zaha Hadi
|pt      = Zaha Hadi
|tr      = Zaha Hadi
|it      = Zaha Hadi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[pt-br:Zaha Hadi]]
[[zh:薩赫哈蒂]]