{{Stub}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Mentioned
|image            = NPC Zephaniah.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = Past
|region           = Khaenri'ah
|affiliation      = 
|title            = Warrior Who Cleaved the Dark Tide

|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = 
|relative         = 

|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Zephaniah''' is a historical character in ''Genshin Impact''. He was a [[Khaenri'ah]]n soldier.

During the [[Cataclysm]], Zephaniah and [[Irizar]] helped the [[Children of Echoes]] seal away [[Abyss]]al forces beneath the [[Shadow Pins]] in the [[Sulfurous Veins]].<ref name="PS">{{Ref/Quest|Peace to the Slumbering}}</ref>

==Profile==
<!-- Detailed story/lore information goes here. -->
''(To be added.)''

===Appearance===
Zephaniah takes on the appearance of a [[Black Serpent Knight: Windcutter]].

==Story==
During the Cataclysm, Zephaniah and Irizar worked together with Elder [[Traore]] and other warriors of the Children of Echoes to funnel the Abyssal forces deep into a [[Land of Myriad Megaliths|cavern]] in the Sulfurous Veins. They then stayed back to hold the line while Traore led his people to safety and used the Shadow Pins to seal the Abyss in. However, this also trapped the souls of Zephaniah and Irizar, along with the other warriors who had sacrificed themselves, in an endless battle against the Abyss.

In the Quest ''[[Peace to the Slumbering]]'', the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] accompanied [[Titu]], a storyteller of the Children of Echoes, to the cavern beneath the Shadow Pins. There, they discovered the crystallized figures of Zephaniah and Irizar, from which they could sense the centuries-long pain. The Traveler engaged them in one final battle, after which their souls were finally released.

For a long time, Zephaniah and Irizar were portrayed as villains in the legends of the Children of Echoes. This was by their request; they hoped that a horror story of two evil Khaenri'ahn soldiers would encourage the tribespeople to remain vigilant about the Abyss. However, after learning the truth, Titu declared that he would share the story of their heroism. Since the Traveler had cleansed the [[Abyssal Corruption]] beneath the Shadow Pins, there was no longer a need for Zephaniah and Irizar to serve as a warning. It was high time for them to be recognized for their bravery and selflessness instead.

<!--
==Notes==
{{Reflist|note=1}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Zephaniah
|zhs     = 西弗安雅
|zhs_rm  = Xīfú'ānyǎ
|zht     = 西弗安雅
|zht_rm  = Xīfú'ānyǎ
|ja      = ゼファニヤ
|ko      = 스바니야
|es      = Sofonías
|fr      = Zephaniah
|ru      = Зефания
|th      = Zephaniah
|vi      = Zephaniah
|de      = Zephaniah
|id      = Zephaniah
|pt      = Sylvania
|tr      = Zephaniah
|it      = Zephaniah
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=5.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}