{{Quest Infobox
|id            = 70532
|image         = Event Quest Zero Hour Invokation.png
|type          = World
|event_name    = Duel! The Summoners' Summit!
|requirement   = Complete [[Commence! A Suspect Genesis]]
|characters    = Frida; Traveler
|startLocation = [[Mondstadt City|Mondstadt]], [[Mondstadt]]
|region        = Mondstadt
|area          = Starfell Valley
|subarea       = Mondstadt City
|next          = 
|rewards       = Invokation Coupons*50;Adventurer's Experience*2;Wanderer's Advice*4
|otherRewards  = 
* Unlocks the [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/Zero Hour Invokation|Zero Hour Invokation]] subevent.
|voiced        = 
}}
'''''Zero Hour Invokation''''' is an [[Event Quest]] during the [[Duel! The Summoners' Summit!]] Event.

==Steps==
# Talk to Frida

==Dialogue==
{{Quest Description|Frida from Mondstadt seems to have something to tell you...}}
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''Frida:''' Hmm... Should I include this card? Huh? I still have some cards left...
:'''Frida:''' Oh, hey Traveler! My apologies, I was too busy thinking about the card decks that I didn't notice you.
:'''Frida:''' I'm an adventurer commissioned by the Guild to help organize the King of Invokations Grand Prix, and I'm in charge of a uh... duel event with special rules!
:'''Frida:''' We named it "Zero Hour Invokation."
:{{DIcon}} How is this any different from ordinary TCG duels?
:{{DIcon}} Doesn't feel any different from the Grand Prix...
:'''Frida:''' Oh, no, no, Zero Hour Invokation is an unofficial tournament with its own rules.
:'''Frida:''' In Zero Hour Invokation, you will not be using your own decks. Instead, you'll be choosing three out of eight incomplete pre-built decks to form a full deck.
:'''Frida:''' Within the three decks, you'll find some newly released cards. As for using them to their full potential... that'll depend on your card skills.
:'''Frida:''' The rest of the rules are identical to ordinary matches.
:'''Frida:''' If you're out of ideas on how you should build your deck, we're always here to help.
:'''Frida:''' But I can't guarantee how good the decks will be, hehe.
:'''Frida:''' Anyway, I suggest that you choose and build your own decks. You'll be using them to duel with other players after all.
:'''Frida:''' If you're confident about your skills, you can head over to the other cities where the Grand Prix is being held and try out Zero Hour Invokation there.
:'''Frida:''' Oh, and you don't have to stress over it. In Zero Hour Invokation, all participants will receive prizes, regardless of the outcome of their duels.
:'''Frida:''' If you're interested, come try it out.
{{Dialogue End}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|Transclude=Duel! The Summoners' Summit!/Zero Hour Invokation}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|3.7}}

[[pt-br:Chamado da Hora Zero (Missão)]]
[[ru:Карточные вечера (задание)]]