{{Meta
<!-- Remove this template after adding the missing info -->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Zhiqiong.png
|region           = Liyue
|affiliation      = Adventurers' Guild
|affiliation2     = Chasm Exploration Team
|title            = Adventurer
}}
'''Zhiqiong''' is a quest-exclusive [[NPC]] appears in the World Quest series ''[[The Chasm Delvers]]'' and ''[[Valor's Afterglow]]''.

==Profile==
<!-- detailed story/lore information goes here -->
{{Quote|If the alternative is stability and boredom, I'll choose danger any day. I'd rather lay my life down here than lie in some cushy bed waiting for time to claim me.|Zhiqiong|''[[Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?]]''}}
Zhiqiong is a member of the [[Adventurers' Guild]] who was selected for the [[Chasm Exploration Team]] due to her talent in cartography. She deeply admires great adventurers like [[Stanley]], [[Alice]], and the [[Traveler]], and hopes that her efforts in The Chasm will lead to a breakthrough by which she will be remembered. Much to the consternation of the other members of the team, Zhiqiong's obsession with leaving her mark on the world takes the form of resolutely refusing to back down from adversities, even when they take the form of dangerous, paranormal powers.<ref name="wherefore" />

Eventually, Zhiqiong's temperament gets the better of her and she disappears into the depths of The Chasm's mines, with even the [[Traveler]] unable to follow her trail.

===Personality===
Zhiqiong is a strongly opinionated individual who has difficulty tempering her emotions, which alienates her from her teammates' well-intentioned advice. [[Khedive]], [[Jinwu]], and even the Traveler criticize her insistence on venturing into dangerous areas and refusal to acknowledge The Chasm's negative effect on her physical and mental health. When the Traveler points out that her bias against [[Treasure Hoarders]] may be clouding her judgment of [[Clitopho]], she brushes them off and later on, she and Clitopho continue escalating their argument until the Traveler loses their temper and puts an end to the argument themselves.

===Appearance===
Zhiqiong has blue eyes, and brown hair pulled back into a bun. She carries a beige rucksack and wears the standard female uniform of the Adventurers' Guild. The uniform consists of three layers of clothing (a white short-sleeve dress with a front cut-off, a green cape collar with a ruffled trim and a triangular back flap, and a green panel skirt with slits and a red bow at the back), a green Dixie cap with a red cross on the left, a short red neckerchief, brown socks and laced high leather boots. The Adventurers' Guild logo &mdash; an eight-pointed star &mdash; is printed on the right and back flaps of the collar.

==Story==
Zhiqiong was born in [[Mingyun Village]] and has fond memories of the mines, although Mingyun Village's mines dried up several years ago and forced its inhabitants to move elsewhere for work. She eventually became a cartographer and worked on a certain commission at [[Qiaoying Village]] which eventually fell through, instilling Zhiqiong with an antipathy towards authorities who do little field work of their own. Once she began working at [[The Chasm]], the mysterious crystal was discovered shortly thereafter, and the mines were sealed, leaving her deeply dissatisfied.<ref name="wherefore">{{Ref/Quest|Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?}}</ref>

After the [[Traveler]] and [[Paimon]] arrive in The Chasm, the Traveler breaks the [[Bedrock Key]]s sealing The Chasm with Zhiqiong's help, allowing the Chasm Exploration Team to access the Underground Mines.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering}}</ref> Zhiqiong followed with the rest of the team, where she immediately took to getting deeper into the mines and mapping out the areas. Despite [[Jinwu]]'s concerns, Zhiqiong dismissed them and gave the Traveler information on some of her findings: the presence of the [[Dark Mud]] anomalies and of Treasure Hoarders.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Chasm Spelunkers}}</ref>

Due to a desire to be remembered for something, Zhiqiong pushed herself and as a result quickly became exhausted, much to both her team and the Traveler's concern. After placing several beacons around the mines, Zhiqiong went to gather them, only to be caught in Dark Mud and attacked by [[riftwolves]] at the same time. The Traveler arrived in the nick of time and brought her back to the camp to recover. After doing so, she disappeared, prompting Jinwu to ask the Traveler to find her. A [[Zhiqiong's Letter|letter]] written by Zhiqiong was found explaining that she had left the team and apologized to both them and the Traveler. The letter also detailed that she had followed a path deeper into The Chasm and would not stop until her strength gave in, however the path she mentioned could not be seen, which leaves her status currently unknown.

==Quests and Events==
===World Quests===
* [[The Chasm Delvers]]
** [[Surreptitious Seven-Star Seal Sundering]]
** [[Chasm Spelunkers]]
** [[First Miasmic Contact]]
** [[Meeting New People... and Foiling Some Bandits]]
** [[The Heavenly Stone's Debris]]
** [[Wherefore Did the Spiritstone Descend?]]
* [[Valor's Afterglow (Quest)|Valor's Afterglow]]
** [[Valor's Afterglow: Return by Sundown]]
** [[Valor's Afterglow: The Faint Light Remembered]]

==Trivia==
* The Chasm's [[Viewpoints|Viewpoint]] descriptions are told from Zhiqiong's perspective.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Zhiqiong
|zhs     = 志琼
|zhs_rm  = Zhìqióng
|zht     = 志瓊
|zht_rm  = Zhìqióng
|ja      = 志璇
|ja_rm   = Shisen{{Assumed}}
|ko      = 지경
|ko_rm   = Jigyeong
|es      = Zhichiong
|fr      = Zhiqiong
|ru      = Чжи Цюн
|th      = Zhiqiong
|vi      = Zhiqiong
|de      = Zhiqiong
|id      = Zhiqiong
|pt      = Zhiqiong
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.6}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}