{{Meta
<!--Remove this template after adding the missing info-->
|missing_NPC_profile  = yes
}}
{{Character Infobox
|type             = Quest NPC
|image            = NPC Zhiyi.png
|region           = Liyue
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|voiceEN          = [https://brandonmcinnis.com Brandon McInnis]<ref>Twitter: [https://twitter.com/BranMci/status/1532843758827409408 EN VA Self Announcement]</ref>
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
}}
'''Zhiyi''' is a quest-exclusive NPC that appears in the [[Story Quest]] [[Umbrabilis Orchis Chapter]] Act I: [[Calculated Gambit]] where he serves as the quest's main antagonist.

==Profile== 
In his early life, Zhiyi's parents died when he was a child while struggling to live in a life of destitute and ostracism by the Liyue community. Despite this, Zhiyi treated them with kindness, even helping them at one time where he supported the finance of his neighbor who went bankrupt. As he grew up, Zhiyi had to work, everything he earned went to his studies, traveling, and debts, with [[Uncle Tian]] becoming his mentor and father figure.

Zhiyi is one of the three candidates chosen by Uncle Tian along with [[Qianwei]] and [[Mingbo]] to become his successor as the Tianshu of the [[Liyue Qixing]]. The [[Fatui]] along with [[Yusupov]] colluded with Zhiyi to secretly support his candidacy for Tianshu where he was tasked in ordering an expensive wine while at the same time, cleverly lacing Uncle Tian's fish soup with a poison in order to easily take the position for himself in exchange for [[Mora]]. As a result, he became a sudden interest to the many people in the recent times, earning him a good reputation to the [[Liyue Harbor]].

However, during their celebration in the underground of [[Qingxu Pool]], he immediately betrays Yusupov by infusing his wine with poison as well. As much to Yusupov's dismay, he reveals to him that he never wanted to become a puppet of the Fatui and take the position for himself. By using the explosives and burning the whole evidence of his involvement with the Fatui, Zhiyi is able to become the Tianshu with a clean track record, feigning the ruin's collapse as an accident. He was also cooperating with Theofan, a Fatui second-in-command of Yusupov who provided the poison.

However, before he could leave no evidence behind, [[Yelan]] and her subordinates who have been tailing him arrived along with the [[Millelith]], foiling his plans where the Millelith takes him to custody for his crimes as well as taking a barely conscious Yusupov with them. Before leaving, Yelan gave him an offer to work for her.

===Personality===
Zhiyi is a hardworking individual who studies hard to achieve becoming the next Tianshu, in spite of the anguish and backlash he receives in which he returns it with kindness and benevolence. However, Zhiyi lacks an overall self-esteem, allowing him to be easily persuaded by the Fatui in cooperating with their ulterior motive or turn against his own mentor, although he felt remorse and empathy towards his own actions after getting incarcerated. Despite this, Zhiyi shows some levels of intelligence and meticulousness; despite the strong Snezhnayan poison that was given, he was able to mask its smell. He is also lightweight and doesn't like alcohol due how it reminded him of his own father's alcoholism.

===Appearance===
<!-- Keep appearance section short and concise. Limit to 2 paragraphs with 3-4 sentences each. -->
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|default_hidden = 1
|en      = Zhiyi
|zhs     = 知易
|zhs_rm  = Zhīyì
|zht     = 知易
|zht_rm  = Zhīyì
|ja      = 知易
|ja_rm   = Chi'i<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Seven-Star Selection|note=Japanese Voice-Over}}</ref>
|ko      = {{tt|지|知}}언
|ko_rm   = Ji-eon
|es      = Zhiyi
|fr      = Zhiyi
|ru      = Чжи И
|th      = Zhiyi
|vi      = Zhiyi
|de      = Zhiyi
|id      = Zhiyi
|pt      = Zhiyi
|tr      = Zhiyi
|it      = Zhiyi
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|2.7}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}