{{CharacterTabs}}
{{Furnishing Infobox
|title          = Zhongli
|id             = 368118
|image          = Character Zhongli Thumb.png
|category       = Companion
|subcategory    = Companion
|rarity         = 5
|adeptal_energy = 300
|load           = 1200
|description    = Character In-Residence
}}
'''Zhongli''' can be invited as a Companion into your [[Serenitea Pot]] after obtaining him and completing the World Quest [[Idle Teapot Talk]].

==Favorite Furnishing Sets==
{{HousingCompanion|favorite}}
{{Companion Favor Table}}

==Idle Quotes==
*"Fine tea..."
*"The land of Liyue..."
*"Places worth exploring..."
*"As I remember..."
*"Join me for a walk..."

When the player is nearby:
*"How have you been?"
*"It's been a while."

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo hello 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' It's been a while, (Traveler).
:{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo hello 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' How have you been?
:{{DIcon}} How do you like it here?
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The atmosphere is pleasant and to my liking.
::{{DIcon}} As long as it satisfies you.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02a 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' In the time that I've known you, I've come to glean some information about your character and principles.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02a 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Your decisions hold my trust.
::{{DIcon}} I was worried that you would find this place childish.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02b 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Everything comes from nothing, and that which is small becomes large, one step at a time.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02b 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' While I've lived many years, I'm not inflexible enough to be incapable of appreciating youthful trends.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship1 02b 3.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Your taste always sets others at ease.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 4)
:{{DIcon}} Would you like to have a chat with me?
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' That would be my pleasure. What would you like to discuss?
::{{DIcon}} I want to hear you talk about the past.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02a 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The past... Then let us find a free day to take our time and talk.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02a 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' A millennium's worth of stories cannot be told in one moment.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02a 3.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If you wish to be comfortable while listening, we'll need a pot of fine tea, two quality chairs, and a pleasing courtyard.
:::{{DIcon}} We need to prepare a courtyard?
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02a 4.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Haha, don't trouble yourself. This place will do just fine. We can sit down and take our time chatting.
::{{DIcon}} I want to better understand you.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 1.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hm... So you're interested in my past.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 2.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I have many stories to tell.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 3.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' What fills an ordinary person with intrigue is but an aspect of daily life for me.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 4.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This topic is a bit unexpected... I don't know where to start.
:::{{DIcon}} Anything about you is fine.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 5.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' My story is long and will take up a significant amount of your time.
:::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship2 02b 6.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' But should you be willing to listen, we can talk over cups of tea.
;(Unlocks at Friendship Level 7)
:{{DIcon}} Is there anything you'd like to do?
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' As of late, I've been thinking about housing arrangements.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' This residence of yours has unique scenery and elegant furnishings which I find very attractive.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I frequently come and go. Excuse my disturbances.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 04.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Speaking of such things, I ought to contribute something to your realm.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 05.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' And so...
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 06.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' If it does not bother you, I would like to find a gift for you.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 07.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' A pity... As they say, "only a mighty sword is worthy of a mighty hero." A gift befitting you truly is difficult to come by.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 08.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Fortunately, we have plenty of time, so there's no need to rush a decision.
::{{DIcon}} No need to be so polite.
::{{DIcon}} Your kindness is enough.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 09.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' While I may no longer be the Geo Archon, I can be considered an old-fashioned citizen of Liyue.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 10.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I have my courtesy. When the time comes, please accept it without worries.
::{{DIcon}} Classic Zhongli etiquette!
::{{DIcon}} I highly regard your aesthetic.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 11.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Hm... As long as you agree to accept it.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 12.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' I have witnessed much from you. Our time is boundless... A carefree life relies upon a resolute and clear heart.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 13.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Being with you like this is truly a lively and joyous experience.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo friendship3 14.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Thank you, friend.
;<nowiki>(Between 6:00 and 19:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good morning, Zhongli.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo morning 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Good morning. Though your journey be fair, do not unduly tire yourself.
;<nowiki>(Between 19:00 and 6:00)</nowiki>
:{{DIcon}} Good night, Zhongli.
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo night 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Good night, (Traveler).
::{{A|vo zhongli mimitomo night 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The night grows darker, so rest when you can. May you have pleasant dreams.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Special Dialogue==
{{HousingCompanion|special}}

===Feiyun Study Room===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly zhongli study 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The people of Liyue follow a multitude of rules when arranging the furniture in a study. These decorative arts can largely be organized into three schools of thought and nine areas of specialization.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly zhongli study 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' You have never heard my explanations on the subject, and yet you still avoided every taboo.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly zhongli study 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' Perhaps some tacit connection has formed between us during our journey together.
{{Dialogue end}}

===Glittering Street===
{{Dialogue start}}
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly zhongli store 01.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' The flourishing city of Liyue developed from small streets dotted with a few shops, just like this one.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly zhongli store 02.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' You have a talent for many pursuits, as well as a boldness of spirit.
:{{A|vo mimitomo ly zhongli store 03.ogg}} '''Zhongli:''' To me, each day spent with you is as valuable as gold.
{{Dialogue end}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|1.6}}

==Navigation==
{{Furnishing Navbox/Living|Companion}}

[[ru:Чжун Ли/Компаньон]]