{{Terminology Infobox
|region       = Liyue
|type         = Lore
}}
A '''zombie''' is an individual who has been resurrected from the dead. 

Currently, two zombies are known:
* [[Qiqi]], who resurrected after being imbued with a large amount of [[Adeptus|adeptal]] energy.
* [[Jialiang]], who died from a heart condition and was brought back to life by [[Baizhu]] through the use of the Elixir of Immortality during {{Quest|The Formula for a Miracle}}.

==Overview==
Zombies are made when the corpse of a dead person is reanimated through medical or magical means. Their bodies are typically covered by talismans, which function to sustain their state of suspended animation.

Zombies normally take orders from the person who awakened them, who then becomes their master. However, this is not always the case. Qiqi, who was never awakened by anyone, woke up on her own after being dislodged from the amber that trapped her &mdash; and is thus her own master, operating by giving herself orders.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|Character Story 3}}</ref><ref>{{Ref/Quest|Guizhong (Quest)}}</ref> Similarly, Jialiang maintained his sentience after being awakened by Baizhu. This could mean that the person who awakened the zombie can choose to either control it or set it free.

Although they may appear to be a regular, living human at first glance, zombies have cold and stiff bodies due to the onset of {{w|rigor mortis}}. As a result, they are usually forced to move around by hopping. Qiqi circumvents this by performing calisthenics on a daily basis,<ref name="Qiqi1">{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|Character Story 1}}</ref> but reverts to her undead state in combat, which gives her inhuman strength.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|Character Story 2}}</ref> She also lost her sense of taste after becoming a zombie,<ref>{{Ref/Food|No Tomorrow}}</ref> but can still distinguish texture.

Due to her undead nature, Qiqi has an incredibly poor memory; she will forget a person within three days if she does not regularly reinforce her memories of them, and admits to forgetting Baizhu's face regularly. To commit important information to memory, she writes down important information in a notebook.<ref name="Qiqi1" /> She also speaks monotonously and displays few expressions. However, her wit is not as diminished as it may appear; she has long realized that Baizhu has underlying motives for taking her in,<ref>{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|Character Story 5}}</ref> and learned how to hide from [[Hu Tao]] as to avoid being buried.

Uniquely, Jialiang maintained his memory and normal speech patterns even after being resurrected as a zombie. It is possible that this is due to the properties of the Elixir of Immortality, which does not involve the use of adeptus arts.

==Trivia==
* Zombies in Liyue are specifically {{w|jiangshi}}, a type of undead creature from Chinese folklore.
** Qiqi's appearance is modelled after typical depictions of jiangshi; such as the style of her hat which resembles a Qing dynasty {{w|Qing official headwear|Guanmao}}, and the paper {{w|Fulu|talisman}} hanging off her forehead.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Zombie
|zhs      = 僵尸
|zhs_rm   = Jiāngshī
|zht      = 殭屍
|zht_rm   = Jiāngshī
|zh_tl    = {{w|Jiangshi}}
|zh_note  = {{zh|s=僵尸|t=殭屍|rm=Jiāngshī}} literally means "stiff corpse."
|ja       = キョンシー
|ja_rm    = Kyonshii
|ja_tl    = Jiangshi
|ko       = {{tt|강시|殭屍}}
|ko_tl    = Jiangshi
|es       = Zombi
|es_tl    = Zombie
|fr       = Zombie
|ru       = Зомби
|ru_tl    = Zombie
|th       = ซอมบี้
|th_rm    = Sombi
|th_tl    = Zombie
|vi       = {{tt|Cương Thi|殭屍}}
|vi_tl    = Jiangshi
|de       = Zombie
|id       = Zombie
|pt       = Zumbi
|pt_tl    = Zombie
|tr       = Zombi
|tr_tl    = 
|it       = Zombi
|it_tl    = 
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|introduced=1.0}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

==Navigation==
{{Lore Navbox|Terminology}}

[[de:Zombies]]
[[ja:キョンシー]]