{{Terminology Infobox
|region       = Liyue
|type         = Lore
|type2        = Species
|affiliation  = 
}}
A '''zombie''' is an individual who has been resurrected from the dead through the use of [[Adepti|adeptal]] energy. Currently, [[Qiqi]] is the only character known to have been revived in this manner.

Although appearing alive at first glance, zombies are typically described as having cold and stiff bodies, so as a result they are usually forced to move around by hopping. Qiqi is able to circumvent this however, by performing calisthenics on a daily basis.<ref>{{Ref/CS|Qiqi|Character Story 1}}</ref> Zombies speak in monotone and have virtually no short-term memory. As such, these beings are normally not capable of performing an action without being ordered to do so, though Qiqi can somehow issue orders to herself, allowing her to be independent.

==Known Zombies==
*[[Qiqi]]

==Trivia==
*Zombies in Liyue are based on {{w|jiangshi}}, a type of undead creature from Chinese folklore.
**Qiqi's appearance is modelled after typical depictions of jiangshi; such as the style of her hat which resembles a Qing dynasty {{w|Qing official headwear|Guanmao}}, and the paper {{w|Fulu|talisman}} hanging off her forehead.

==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages
|en       = Zombie
|zhs      = 僵尸
|zhs_rm   = Jiāngshī
|zht      = 殭屍
|zht_rm   = Jiāngshī
|zh_tl    = {{w|Jiangshi}}
|zh_note  = {{Lang|mini=1|zh-Hans=僵尸}}/{{Lang|mini=1|zh-Hant=殭屍|zh-Hant_rm=Jiāngshī}} literally means "stiff corpse."
|ja       = キョンシー
|ja_rm    = Kyonshii
|ja_tl    = Jiangshi
|ko       = {{tt|강시|殭屍}}
|ko_rm    = Gangsi
|ko_tl    = Jiangshi
|es       = Zombi
|es_tl    = Zombie
|fr       = Zombie
|ru       = Зомби
|ru_tl    = Zombie
|th       = ซอมบี้
|th_rm    = Sombi
|th_tl    = Zombie
|vi       = {{tt|Cương Thi|殭屍}}
|vi_tl    = Jiangshi
|de       = Zombie
|id       = Zombie
|pt       = Zumbi
|pt_tl    = Zombie
}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}