{{Character Infobox
|type             = Event NPC
|image            = NPC Zuria Destree.png
|realname         = <!-- Optional, if different from in-game name -->
|deceased         = <!-- Past (for deceased prior to events of the game) or free response -->
|region           = <!-- Character's home/main nation -->
|location         = Fontaine
|affiliation      = 
|title            = 
|ancestry         = <!-- Clan/family -->
|father           = 
|mother           = 
|spouse           = 
|sibling          = 
|child            = Lescot Destree
|childNote        = son, deceased
|relative         = 
|voiceEN          = 
|voiceCN          = 
|voiceJP          = 
|voiceKR          = 
}}
'''Zuria Destree''' is an event-exclusive [[NPC]] who appeared in [[Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures]].

==Profile==
Zuria is an art dealer who originated from a place named "Destree." She and her family eventually came to Fontaine, and made "Destree" their surname. Subsequently, her husband died in an accident.<ref name="MC">{{Ref/Quest|Miraculous Crown (Quest)}}</ref>

During the events of [[Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures]], Zuria commissioned [[Freminet]] to create [[Thelxie]], a mechanical penguin named after a supposed Water Imp of legend. She claimed her son [[Lescot Destree]] had been suffering from "Loneliness Syndrome" since he was eight years old, and often fantasized about the Water Imp, to the point where he could no longer differentiate between reality and the fantasy world he made where Thelxie was a prince of the Kingdom of Water Imps; Zuria said that her son started believing that he was Thelxie himself. Zuria then planned to "guide" her son's fantasies by creating a storybook from the adventures the mechanical [[Thelxie]] would undergo in hopes that his loneliness syndrome would be cured; she subsequently got the help of Freminet, the Traveler, and Paimon to act out Thelxie's adventures.<ref>{{Ref/Quest|Water Imp's Conjecture (Quest)}}</ref>

However, it was revealed that Lescot had already died one month prior to the events of [[Thelxie's Fantastic Adventures]]; before he died, Zuria left him as she had been organizing an art exhibit specifically prepared for him, and was not able to see her son one last time. Stricken with grief, she contracted the same loneliness syndrome that Lescot was afflicted with and even started to believe that Thelxie was her actual son. To aid Zuria, her companions completed Thelxie's adventures, helping her finish her storybook and giving the closure she needed.

She eventually started to recover from her illness and decided to continue her art exhibit, with her storybook and experience with guidance therapy included to help those suffering with the same illness she and her son contracted.<ref name="MC" />

===Appearance===
''(To be added.)''

==Quests and Events==
{{Quests and Events}}
<!--
==Idle Quotes==
{{Dialogue Start}}
: {{DIcon|Idle}} {{Tx}}
:: {{A|VO {{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}} 01.ogg}} "{{Tx}}"
{{Dialogue End}}

==Dialogue==
{{Dialogue Start}}
:'''{{subst:#titleparts:{{subst:PAGENAME}}}}:''' 
:{{DIcon}}
{{Dialogue End}}
-->
==Other Languages==
{{Other Languages|default_hidden=1
|en      = Zuria Destree
|zhs     = 祖莉亚・德斯特雷
|zhs_rm  = Zǔlìyà Désītèléi
|zht     = 祖莉亞・德斯特雷
|zht_rm  = Zǔlìyà Désītèléi
|ja      = ジュリア・ドストレ
|ja_rm   = Juria Dosutore
|ko      = 주리아<・: >데스트레
|es      = Zuria Destrée
|fr      = Zuria Destrée
|ru      = Зурия Дестре
|th      = Zuria Destree
|vi      = Zuria Destree
|de      = Zuria Destrée
|id      = Zuria Destree
|pt      = Zuria Destree
|tr      = Zuria Destree
|it      = Zuria Destrée
}}

==Change History==
{{Change History|4.2}}

==References==
{{Reflist}}

[[es:Zuria Destrée]]
[[pt-br:Zuria Destree]]